The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Project Gutenberg FAQ 2002, by Jim Tinsley

Copyright laws are changing all over the world. Be sure to check the
copyright laws for your country before downloading or redistributing
this or any other Project Gutenberg eBook.

This header should be the first thing seen when viewing this Project
Gutenberg file.  Please do not remove it.  Do not change or edit the
header without written permission.

Please read the "legal small print," and other information about the
eBook and Project Gutenberg at the bottom of this file.  Included is
important information about your specific rights and restrictions in
how the file may be used.  You can also find out about how to make a
donation to Project Gutenberg, and how to get involved.


**Welcome To The World of Free Plain Vanilla Electronic Texts**

**eBooks Readable By Both Humans and By Computers, Since 1971**

*****These eBooks Were Prepared By Thousands of Volunteers!*****


Title: The Project Gutenberg FAQ 2002

Author: Jim Tinsley

Release Date: October, 2005 [EBook #9109]
[Yes, we are more than one year ahead of schedule]
[This file was first posted on September 7, 2003]

Edition: 10

Language: English

Character set encoding: iso-8859-1

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE PROJECT GUTENBERG FAQ 2002 ***




The Project Gutenberg FAQ 2002

by Jim Tinsley



Important: This file is posted to the Project Gutenberg archives
not as a current guide, more as a historical reference. I hope
that future FAQs will be posted, as the project evolves, but
this one is of its time.

If you want the most up-to-date information from PG, please
see the current version of the FAQ, from the Project Gutenberg
site, or, at the time of posting, at:

    http://ibiblio.org/gutenberg/faq/gutfaq.txt
    or
    http://ibiblio.org/gutenberg/faq/gutfaq.htm




Acknowledgements

Writing a FAQ for an organization of fanatical proofreaders has
its ups and downs! I'd like to thank all those who corrected
my facts and my typos, and especially the people who pointed out
the lack of clarity in certain answers. The remaining errors and
opacity are all mine.



Preface to the archive edition

Ironically, Project Gutenberg, which preserves the writings of
others, doesn't have much written history itself. There are
scraps of e-mails and guidelines, but many newsletters and other
internal writings before 1996 have gone to the great bit-bucket
in the sky.

The later half of the '90s marked a graceful blooming of Project
Gutenberg's growth. Three related technical factors contributed: the
explosion in home PCs brought standardization, which made it easy
for non-techies to install scanners, which, in response to the new
demand, became plentiful and cheap. And, of course, these years saw
the rise in popularity of the Internet, which has always been PG's
main channel of communication and distribution.

However, while PG's production expanded geometrically, at Moore's
Law rates, there were barriers to participation. Most volunteers had
to find an eligible book, scan or type it, and proof the resulting
text all by themselves. This was and is a fairly significant amount
of work: 40 painstaking hours would be a typical commitment for one
book.

Beyond that, simply learning the mechanics of producing e-texts
could be a serious challenge for newcomers. Nearly all internal
PG communication, except for the Newsletter, was by private e-mail,
and instructions had to be repeated many times to individual new
volunteers, all of whom showed up with great good will, but most of
whom vanished after a week or two.

Michael Hart was unstinting in his editing of incoming texts and
handling questions by e-mail, but any one person has only so many
hours.

The Directors of Production at the time -- Sue Asscher, Dianne Bean,
John Bickers and David Price -- served as contact points for advice
and help, made enormous efforts of production themselves, and tried
to share the scanned texts among new volunteers for proofing. They
made a huge contribution to building community in PG.

Pietro Di Miceli set up a web site for the project in 1996, and with
the popularization of the Web (as opposed to the Internet), this became
a beacon for readers and new volunteers.

All of these people reached out to willing volunteers, drew them in,
helped them, encouraged them. The Project and all of the readers of
the books, now and in the future, owe these people a great debt.
Without them, Project Gutenberg could not have achieved what it has.
But still, for the most part, each volunteer worked alone.


In 1999, I wrote, in response to an offer to volunteer:

    I think I can best answer your offer, and many others like it,
    by giving an extended description of what actually happens in
    the making of PG texts, and why it's often not easy to get
    started.

    There is no agenda, no master list of tasks ready to be given to
    volunteers. This is often the hardest thing to get across to new
    volunteers. I know I waited quite a while after volunteering for
    someone to give me a job to do before I realized it.


    Exactly five steps are normally performed in the publishing of
    an e-text.

    1. Someone, somewhere gets a public-domain copy of a text they
       want to contribute.

    2. That volunteer confirms its PD status by sending TP&V to
       Michael, and getting copyright clearance.

    3. Someone, usually the same volunteer, scans and corrects the
       text, or, if skilled in typing, types the book into an e-text.

    4. Someone, often a different volunteer, second-proofs the
       e-text, removing the smaller errors.

    5. The e-text is sent to Michael for posting.


    There are three barriers which make it difficult for most people
    to contribute:

    1. Getting a PD book.

    2. People without scanners and typing skills have no way of
       turning a book into an e-text.

    3. Even with a scanner, turning a book into an e-text is not
       easy or quick.

    Since, generally, people who have a PD book don't just want to
    send it off to a stranger for scanning, the people who produce
    e-texts have to get over all three of these barriers. This is
    the bottleneck in production. It's relatively easy to get an
    e-text second-proofed; making it in the first place is the
    hardest part. You need to have a book, the means to turn it into
    an e-text and the time and will to do it.

    After that comes second proofing. There are two problems here.
    One is that there may not be enough texts for all the people who
    want to second-proof; the other is that a lot of beginners just
    abandon texts given to them for second-proofing, which holds up
    the process and is discouraging for others. So a lot of
    volunteers do their own second-proofing or send their texts to
    established contacts with a track record of finishing the job,
    rather than making them available to newbies. The Directors of
    Production do serve as contact points, and at any given moment
    may have some texts for proofing, but they can only distribute
    the texts that have already been made.


    With that explanation out of the way, I can better address your
    question of what you can do.


    Second-proofing is an easy way to start, but material isn't just
    waiting for you. If you want to look for some, post your offer
    here and wait a week or so. If no takers by then, e-mail Michael
    and ask if there are any texts available; he may be able to
    refer you to a Director of Production who has something current.
    You may not get an e-text immediately, but you will get one. Of
    course, you can also look here for offers of e-texts ready to
    proof.

    Your other option is to take on a book yourself. In your case,
    you already have a scanner, so you are equipped to become a
    producer. You need to find a PD book.

    Getting PD books means finding and borrowing or buying them. You
    can do this through used bookshops, libraries or book sites on
    the Internet. I mention a few net sites in the FAQ in the link
    below. I get all my books through them, since they make it easy
    for me to find the books I want. Prices range from $5 up to (in
    my case) about $30.

    The best advice I can offer here is: pick a book that you _want_
    to contribute, and a book you'll enjoy working with--you'll be
    living with it up close and personal for quite a while.



In March and April of 1999, Pietro created the PG Volunteers'
WWWBoard and Greg Newby set up the mailing list gutvol-d, and, for
the first time, volunteers who hadn't been introduced to each other
by Michael or the Directors could meet online and communicate
directly. A few FAQs and HOWTOs were written, covering the basics,
the nitty-gritty of producing books. All of this activity made it
much easier for people to get involved, and the Project experienced
a new influx of interested volunteers. Improved OCR software was
also a factor at this time: in response to the commoditization of
scanners, there was rapid improvement in the quality of OCR, and
better OCR made for easier production of e-texts.  More work was
shared out in co-operative proofing experiments.

It was in this new, expansive atmosphere, with ideas flooding in
from enthusiasts newly energized by the project, that Charles Franks
(Charlz) came up with the idea of a web site that would serve to
distribute the work of proofing a book among many volunteers. But
not only did he think of the concept; he went ahead and did it!

In April 2000, Charlz first requested comments on his idea in
a post on the Volunteers' WWWBoard, and by the end of September,
the first e-texts were queueing up on the production line.

On October 9th, Charlz wrote:

    Number of pages proofed by date:

    2nd    6
    3rd    6
    4th   20  <-- Newsletter
    5th   27
    6th   25
    7th   29
    8th   30
    9th   45!! (and the day ain't over yet)

(The "Newsletter" is a reference to the site being mentioned in
the PG Newsletter on October 4th, 2000).

Distributed Proofreaders, or DP, simply kept growing from there, as
Charlz kept scanning and adding more books and features and
proofers, and its simple organic growth produced 600 e-texts in two
years, but when Charlz asked for more help on Slashdot, a popular
technical news site, on November 8th, 2002, the response blew the
roof off! The pages per day figure jumped from 1,000 to about 10,000
for a while, then settled down at its current 4,000. 4,000 pages,
even given that each page is proofed twice, is a lot of pages. 2,000
produced pages per day is about five full books per day. DP has
formed the backbone of PG's production ever since. Whatever the
future of DP's production, its effect on shared knowledge and
resources, and the communication and community it has built, ensures
that Project Gutenberg will never be the same again.


I began writing this FAQ in March 2002, and was essentially finished
around December 2002. It sat around, with a few tweaks here and
there in response to comments, until the start of September 2003.

Today, it is a useful guide to Project Gutenberg norms and practices.
By the time you read it, it may be ancient history ("Hey, Grandad,
did you REALLY scan things from paper? Why didn't you use your
brain implant?" :-) But it is one record of How Things Were in
Project Gutenberg during this time of change.

jim
September 7th, 2003.








Project Gutenberg FAQ 2002

I have a question not answered in this FAQ. How do I ask it?

If it's about how to produce a text, the Volunteers' Board at
<http://www.gutenberg.net/vol/wwwboard/> is generally the best
place to ask.

If it's a question of active interest to the  is gal body of
volunteers, you can ask it on the gutvol-d mailing list. See
<http://www..gbergnberg.et/subs.html/>for joining it.

For other questionsvolunteers,ou should check our Contact Information page atee
ttp:/vol/wwwutenbergbergnt/contactinfo.htmhtml and e-mail the appropriate
person.


       About Project Gutenberg:

G.1.   What is bout Pberg?
G.2.   Where did Project Gutenberg come fromberg?.3.1. at has is berg achievedomb4.1. o runs Project oject Ggomb5.   How many people are in has irgomb6.   How can I /cuns ect ject oomb76.How ow c help/cuct Gwwwuoject Gg
G.876 Hoan I keep in touch with what  in hg is doingomb96.  Wat is the relationship betweenlp/t Gutenberg, Projekt
 


  ject o-DEenberg, Projct Gw of Australia, and Project Runeberg?


       A Abroject G Projcpublicationsnberg:.10.  Does P Abrtenberg publish only booksomb1G.1 What books does t  tenberg blishbooksoG.26. t other things dodoes P enberg  Projcpishbookso.3.   w books doesd Pro Projcchoose books to p pu Projcpioject Gg
1omb4G.1 t languages w beenl Gutenberg enberg  sh inbooksoomb5 Why don't you have any / many books about history, geography, science, Projcpioomb62.  hy don't you ou hy books by Steven King, Tom Clancy,
       Tolkien, etc.booksoomb7omb62y ibooks doenberg,  Abrtso set on using Plain Vanilla ASCIIerg?

Readers' FAQ?

     Aout Finding eBooks:

Rnberg:.87w How ofind an eBook I'm looking for?
:

RG.2 C Hoa get a complete list of es tding e for?berg?.nberg:.8 can I download a PG text that hasn't been cataloged yetding e 1o You don't have the eBook I''mooking for.  Cn yn't yoelp me find itding e booksoo Where else How ogo to get ean eBsding e  Projcpioo  I see some ding e in several p
pls on the Net. Do different
       many p really re-create the same to get ooksIe


        out Using the Web Sites:.booksooomb7o couldn't I reach your site? (or:   Womb62y your site slow?)
:

R.8   I Hoa  an error when I try to I doad a book.
R.omb9.8 searched for a book I know is in t  , but got no
       results.
:

R.1  .   I copyomb62y wesubite, or your omb62y wsite materialan eBsbook.
omb1.  Your your things sn't m l right in my browser.
       can Ipublked on a button, and nothing h the aened.an eBsbbooksoGhat ages wthat thing books a "Select FTPWeb te" meanding e 1bookso.G.26 exactly is an t FPYour anywayand1o  .I become an n t mirrorandbooksoo1o  make a private an nmirror for my s Projccol, library or
       organizationandding e    Wen      cicked on the file I want, nothing happened.
s.
:.b   Hany texts are downlI doed through the web your and:

R.omb4G are the most popular b to get on.
        ut Downdownlding and out Uing Pdoesnberg ding eites19.  Should  can Ire downd a ZIt FPed foTXT e fding e 20.  k Ive got a  a Zt FPe f. bookso.Gdo ld   with it?book.
21GI tried to unzip my file, but it said the file was coro rpt, or
       damaog.
?
:G.2  Iee gibberish onscrtwer wen  ck ked oookog..2bookso.booksoo1y to Iloand read your nly b it?b1obookso.Gam I allowed to do with the books ld  DowI doe fdbooksooDo dodoesd Abrt I kwho booksoo1yds their your n?
:ding e  .  kn theound some obvious typos in ad aing Pdberg text.
Ie
How ou suld I report theme fd.bding e  . founoundome obbvus typypoin aw beject o textser.      Wo sShd n't Ieprepothem toe fdand:.bd I rrteunome ts tys. bookso.Gwill thing hpen nexte fd.o I'k Ivt the text e f, and can Ian read itt  ,but ieems to be
 


  do pue-spaced or it hle wantrol characters like ^J or ^Mpage Ie
ve tnd of every lineooko30.  ding e   n I print out the text text e each line rruover the edgto be     of the ion pand m ls badineo21 can read the the tey fit  ,a few characters appear as black
Ie
squares, oree bbshineoG.2booksoo1get a handheld devic.  knr reading PG texts?   Wich d dice
       How ohoul Hoa ding e 3bookso.6.HC read ad aG the eon my PDA (Palm, i(Pq, Rocket . t .)
FAQ?


   ut the Fy fieBookserg?
berg?. it?b1hat types of e fs are there, and how bookso.Gd read the thembook.
3booksoo. bo the filenames of read txts " mzation thembandd   Whs the difference with is iG p bween an "edition" and abooks a version" Hoa d.bbookso.Gat is the diffnce G ptwean n "textion"nd an aneBookon" themband:1obs are "Etext/Ebook numbers" it oject o ts Hoa de fd.booksoo. the month angedppea" itext xts "Ie
Copyright ' F
CRn3.1t is c
Coight?
Cog..6.booksooDt ispyrightat iser from country to rom c I t? From state to om seight? for?bRn3omb4G he cot ispght laws outside the U.Sc.' F
ding e 1:   your tin aw Projcadvise only on the U.S copyri rigss queiding e bld  n't live in the on t. Do these rules  the aly to mom se' F
ding e  :

R.obookso.Gaenberg  c domai" mz?
C.b:

R.oHow od to dith a text that is ied ont  tpubl dodomeiand:.3.:   a book enter the publicpubl aineie fd.and:.ages wa cop copyht lapso mo?
C:

R.:

R.ony bre iis iebookso.Gaeblicpineibook.
o  Mou hyk says thatIf s "Cohe cotht 1894". Is it in the pto p enberg  comablicpi' F
1G.2bookso.6n a.S opyrt owner release a work into the is iebc dpubl ablicpi'1bhen is an author not the ot owr oon ofn a.pyrion his or her workialao mo?berg?. at ages wes txts " by n "ligibleeBookoo mo?booksooI have a manuscript from 1900. I. Iseliligleineding e  6.Home my paper book of .  Sakespeare says it's s "s c
ght 1988eenberg:. Hoa d.hat makes a "new a c.S o88eht 120. have a 1990 book that I know was originally written in ht 140,
       but the pto p shed ors claiming a "ns "shte f.hat 
       HShd doinee fd.booksooIave a  have a 1 reI pt of an ht 131was ginal". it en "libleeiding e 2 Projcpioo  have a PG that that Iow now wbased on a ply r19.2 bookt  ,I, or
y dodon'teatetitle pageor.C /smit it to PGiblee1GHow at aad aierg "clear" books for new a
Coi' F
2?
:G want to produc makearticpopu booke f.ill it be for nght "caredibleebookso.e fd.bve some extrasite erial (idames, introduction, preface, missing
Ie
chapter) that hat 
, but work an existreadiit ojon t. I have to
ing
I"nstre-learip  edition before C /itting itiblee1oG.2 e some  of e eays are be fhted.omb4G's
Ie
up do whatiblee3bhat are s a "on-renewedear"r b ?
C2ined76 ding e   n   I es tto cre-la ns a "o-rwed bookxts "IVolunteersrs'AQ)
F      t the Basicy fie
V
CR  1GHo I get started as a es tvolunteer?

V:

RGbookso.Gexperience how bneed to produce or proof ith a nexy fie
ight? 
CR ow how bproduce roof iing it nexyding e 1Do I how bnany special equipmentvolunteer?.ding e bding e 1DI how bnms t able to pralorad the 
V' F
dI bookso.Ga on ao praammer, and I wshoers lto help by programming.

V?
C.booksoo.uleeenl rg volunteer actually domentveiabooksoo1how bpor a ght iy own languagementveie6.b it  I ho be a book? eiabroduce piecescome m a damaunzneor
r other periodicalmentv?
C:ding e bd _have_need eiabrin plain AASCIit ojcalm1Gding e   exts ar I sign up as a es tv nexy' F
1.    1 PG volunteers communicate, keep in tin toh, or co-ordinate workcalmblicpi'1ere w HFi a list of se bhat how bnproofingcalmiblee1s there a l a liof  of sat Pat aarg wantiala
V1o mo?b have one book k Id like to contribute.G.2 C do justys withoutice
igning upooksI


  )
F nt to uction:

iala
2i.   w.  Do a text   I producedcalms.
:.ow long must.  Do t be to qualify for to Pes tv  thembahat :

R.one . Isen "lies tv e fd.Are reprints orroracsimthe Fy e it engibmentveidding e  :   Whso derence nce Gen a have a 1 repr and a frroraimy figibmcalm1andd  the    Whsorence betp bw a re rintrepr books a new "esiogibman eBsbb Whaook that hand Irk ongibmibleeb have a book ght iFi bookt Why 't ou hthe Fy igigib.S .
?

berg?. blicpi'1eC How ofn e e le e a b nexy2530.calm1a"TP&VeBooko?

 themba  WaIf sPosting&Veog..e fd. think .bdfo fou Hoa  n e e book tPG th'dre a iko e a wonxts for?bRhow bdo neith a ?

es tv  an eBsbb y booys aurrently being workickegibme fd..   I find out ifleari have a bs already on-ch lsomewherementvooko3book.
o Mo is not on the In-Progress liste f, can't me ft on on-y li nexyht 13.  Mbook.
o Mis on-linet  ,not  is iat Paghteat ook tShd y li G.2  Mhow bpo have a bseadyready ch lnot   dodot Gute but ome mrepred book
       g iiffereniptom the books a vion already archivhtebooksoo1add my the bonremgibmiI s:   athat ow neing ing wd on three years agoal"anyone still
Ie
working on iroof ii
V3iblee1've decided which 0 ble to prod. H
CR o1GHo tell PG
       k Im Ie
wng on find iy li 1ohave a two- or three-volume set. So sSexts ar ub/smthem as one text,neo ons one for each PG merem?
:do mo?b ne grapsical.2 ld   multiple works in it (ers la
to
illection of plays). S. So  Iexts ar uit  for etext separatelyremcalms2i. I get are bt clearancereme fda Projcpioo  wo- or threeee-oluvolumet.t. on t. booksooIago a sep chate
ing
It clce on each ne gical le eroof ii
inee?
:doe p2.  hgraps is gaook,.2 lultltie workorkst it (d lie a
       coto
iltion ction oe says)?
C:d it     I go asepte ght "rance
       for each ate wing it 0.  Whikoe f.icheck up on my proProgan eBsbooksoo " mz
V4iblee1s.
:.oong that hit take me to t a cleto bed boing it 2?want/You d?
:G  buty n saerg eheing wdlearie-texting it ibleebPG th'shoeo put a.S  of my finished e-textres,another
Ie
w bejtext, the eoght iyn w the wepage.S ..43ive scanned, edited and proofed my text.e fd.a
CR o1find someone
page Io second-proof with " mz
o mo?biblee1'on theone ruoand ruoed mext. I can can'w HFany more emirs,
Ie
r, aI' sien  cf m ling at itght s S. do nowmentv4 thembaere and hined7exts ar end ruoe a texfor postinwwwuo" mz
nberg:.  themba  the s "redits Lineng&4and:Ie
Hoon afterined7end it will end r.  Do t postednowmroof ii
i.bdfnd a progibk Imith ome mosted ted me:

R.o for?bRhomentv5ing it 0Someone has  and eailroofee about ith osted text, pointing out  an es.

V51Ging it 0Seone e h-may fid me about my pome mod text, thanking me.


       


  )Proofinguction:volunteer?.gibmat role ages wproofing pof ple are  is iaomblicpi'1nberg:.  DistributedidProoomo mo?bt nce heed to cond-pan e-teneivolunteer?.e fdb
CR o1I ho have a my pr a cmes he book 
       k proofingom?

 t'sandd  g ii   Whsor betetp"first prooftextid "second
       k ng&5" mz
no mo?bt
CR o1How odth cond-pat se wanp mproduce ooofingom?

et kinbooksoo1yd of e em will bookso.ee to correctomgibmeiblee1sng ages wthat hi.  Sa_noof Hoa  -textmentv60.  e fd.Ae there any any scial techniques for proofdoi nexy6gibmcat actually hing h ns during a proofpon.
 bout the N searchinggu6?
:Go mo?biding e  . ion"nou htelil onsere eewhere " ithe Nitt?

 tnot
Ie
in the PGady hives pageo76 ddo jre Ct it  it tG-textming it ive fn theo fou the Fy ile text  onsesomewe ois ie" itt Gute  thatI nokt     Ie
i  1  seahivomb5 at odo jrmit o or td the 
iblee1 have als alrscanneaced typed a book; it's on my omb62y w your onxight? 
87wC get it included      Iw bej  1  es-textmy li 1on t. bion abods alrso- ypeoadook book;?

 ttext, t web site your o The world can on t. biy access ithtey st s booksoo1ado jrm the
other
Iin aw rchivewanti.6rem?have a have al have a bsebodsor to- y a book," itt; i thatI  in plain textnce
ormatves o sSeb/smthat himit o it tG to get on    


  )an aur-do jrted nberg d

d the 
e fd.?
:Goly wbookso.6nbook. We f.iPG  saeproof wanti.reme I hght "rslated a classicor a from one wn luage to anotherite Wi telG PG  ed m I hge relbooksoo "wanti.e fd.OK, this ithem asa cme cases  onses  1 will PG  it.
Ie
e fd.bdo ldo nn irs:.ing it 0booksooIold theon ofnght ck kok.te.G76 der re cabooksoo1adter tt  tpis iebcomabing.

ineo2hololdget ased popu et.tl b to 76 dese tmes hack


  into into e ptbookso.Gaebn for    I eshoeotenberg b saep72?ineo2h the oldgght ck, and wI wsit (d your titenberg
       t   I esubl itatvcan Ihoose whagibmatights to as I sproofp to get on bout with w, but es 


  i of rtsgu7blicpi'1hydoeG formatit oj   Whsway it w b I sp

     bout the ew carars you usetsgomool charrs cC usementv7iblee3nberg:.  a ASCII nexy7ding e  Soose  is ISO-8859exts?calm1aCodeion p4379enberg:.  calm1aCa sege ' F
152?
it.
Icalm1aMac, Rmanusem5" is Unicodo moing.

om? is Big-5usem Hoa de3bhre "8-bitrooftbooks a 78-t" textsdoms:.i have an Eng   I esutext with d squotations from a one wage that
       needs ay acents--bout wat odo thing bthe accentsdoming.

ion t. bd sGreek's a quotions or a gsed pG.2bt. ondle themdoming it 2ant to peiabr:   aypoia oge ers lSpanienberg  sor French
l
Id to dis aynted charew cas tyse f.ht s ally d it tG  I sp
nt ovic.matpointr oot the ty figu83bgibmeiongt s make my lines of textdomberg?. hteysho  .Ireak my l at all9ey no butthat hi.


  i  as someo


  ch lper paragraph, ion paet the reader wrap saep85253y use a CR/LF at end of linedomding e  One spat clcr two at Ie
vd of a sentencedomremc do I Fiicateper geoghivew8819.t s Fient the start of ef evicatepagrdomes tv e1obse thery pal p
 where   I. Sot s Fnt textageming it 0booksoo1use tasubA the TAB keyr)o indentagem4iw at otreat dashes (2.  hphens) ce nn wordivew91Gow w areateat hes replacing lettersagemombt about (2hens at eve tnre a neagemtsgobout wa Whith italiasicagembooksooYes, but et.tlom as.
:.oo passone waof in mook iing onitas! I can'tno
eally CAPITALIZE or _otherwisehave_/markny /all thwo aext,nberg:.8 agem7dt s capitalizeate"f The rd in  for eIe
cteragemusem5is a T I hguscber's Note9een at ot s boneagemand:.  ShteysB keeion pbook nmbers      Ie-textagemineeis ieexceptional cases where an IB kone waion pbbers, how hat 
PG
 formatort calm00set..  She, kp Tables of r Ctenject o tes tv 0G.1and:.ou suhere ap Indexulend Glo pasrieivew102. e fd..get a dle a b  .Ircescneo  sc the ae to another,al p
 1obs
       book uses blanreakines, or a row of asterisksort c.3Ie
Ht s at otat footnot  1  eject o teomb4G.2 book leaves a se sprenceforetenberg nctuation ers lsemi
       cons40,    ther qthe eoarks,G.26 clamation /ms and d sqtes00sand:.o do
       the sameort comb5omb4Gook book lbooksoo.ue-sce      Imiddle of contrarad wn wo'dredgt    "how bd't", "we 'llitr"he 's4"). .  Shdo t
       th PG mject o te Projcpioo.3I.  Shhanget a de tTaort cbooksoo Projcpioo.00saG fng lrs or journal ent pasrort c:

R.bookso.G:

R.oHbout wa h the Britienberg  spofo as ject o te.o:

R.bG.2 C:

R.oHbandd  egree symbolit ojc0. booksoo How oh.  Shhle t . . ellilaprieieib0. b
       HSHow oh.e cthing hter and "stion headinglapr2. omb5ook has  Projcaertiers lsentsmy l at Ites0How oh.  Shematoes tv ding e 1 itahteysBp  Lsts of Illustrati
       co etevr wproducing aent
in plit oj fileit ojcomb4booksoo1incncleatet s ctions of  of IluAustions, e et1bhr wpng
       a pent
ir ootliglmatoeomb5omb4bit inude i(ids with will eit oj ally d ?

 bout formatting poetryguomb1 Projcpioook 
1bhrg aor a of poe I t prod.4iwt s G fon fiala
1booksoo Projcpioooroducing a novel with d sou srt s and dota  .Ircting pms.


   proofp out bout fing playsyg88ehand:.at oG fAct and Saccmeoneeadheadiit ojc.oeib0 I G fstage directionscalmeid.oe.   Ince
ot bs bl verso moAQ)bout d stypisicout bng i rigsesygbook.
2. Sample 1: Typitypis.   Inting iss qu of a nonovpage.' F
12. S. Sale 21:pical sico in hgng i s of non-fictiones tv .2book.
2.mple 321ical al s issutype popoetioneomb42. Sbook.
2.m432ypitrmat.   Int in hgn of pof pls

e.


bout pro prog(idsbout wa he printewedoksesyomb5.oe.pofome distasteful or offensive pa pasgesos or a 
       kent
 Projcpiooorat Pag4")00saomit theradnberg:.?
C2. Some p chaper gs in of iok, where aomooew ca is speakingons4   hon t. bs and dulet the startlinetve got the endat It
       HSclose do
hooon t. bsriei2booksooThe any slling iup on  Mh BBrh n E   I esu(mi
ur, cal ee)ite G.1aHow ohchanuageat he to Aammican speany slngsionsc:

R.ok 
nearly sure ) tome workinbtions o reIrepreok are us ts.
Ie
ite Gat It
hange thet ther' F
1it ojc.avllivestigated bout wand mn wo' a ts ty, I 't m isn'tite ?
C:d
CR o1I do anythingworkc0. Aarrgh! 1Gi pagee fse m, ming! ys)?on t. bto aband" iical lnberg:. nexyh Some ome w pagee sn spled inconsistentctling iubook (e. Projcpiooorasometimes
Ie
d "urprise't"see etimeIf ssurprize"ys)Ie
i I make them  incistnde



Word Proccing ht 'WV
ed.oding e  : andd  gffere) c Hoa  ditor a.bdfnome w proccor?
ht 'W:

RGys)II y un e Hoa  dr os, or.bdfnopro procror?y fie
i Which editor oerrorordome w essor at oC u
W.S ..berg?.nHow ot s my werroro.bdfnopome w er easier to"f k with for pa pent teC u
ding e b.bbed.od difdiffne betweapporteptil n, an-tweartionalextncenC u

V'e f, t get me ogesouse tddlr   .Irct to linening  uo inome w erach to anoit oj aFAQ?
t uUsg MS-



Wd:

ht 'W?
C..bdd, eaddhow bpon -
 -  and h
CR o1saactivt as pfor paith a ht 'WeiaQuotes look wroein1bh  Iy li 1o Werrorodocument as  in pn ted meC u
mentveaseat h loo"f krong wein1e the ve ay li 1o rd errorodument at asain text.
ht 'W?
C:1bh ved my n -rd ecumas HTMLt  ,the as HTMeat h s terrible.



d Sannccirs'A
SWVding e b.d of canner?
.S
V: it?b1hypes of scanners aes tv e1o mo.Sbookso.y fie
i ch s of s sh.  Shgetcanner?
W. for?bRis ADFgetcding e b:

RGy   I is ADFrs'A
' F
dG.26 it'calm1a"WAIN driveritrwhyremc  neickees tv e1os:.berg?.nhow bscano- y o bed.Seia2. o"f k, or
y othing hpflat enough for a goooundcanlisteYou d
       want to c


   uhe pages.
.SeieHow ow lg ng at t butto syou c bookgetc?
C:bookso.Gch ssettheadi are best bookg1Ging it 0bse a digipit caamma in s repe or oos of s bookgvolunteer?.g is OCR bookgagemoighta   Whsorome w there ffere)OCR e spkages bookg1oHow the aurate that hOCR be bookgiblee3ich ffere)Oblaone waat o.  Shgrs'A
1om?aced s of mistakes do OCR packages d stally make bookgnberg:. y am o Ietting a lot one waoist.  Saper gsy OCRosteith a .Syg82i. ve gon O OCOCR eone wabut. oned with my s of sal"it for a glat ugench


  to at oCith a .roof ii
i
       wr)oclit inu't"s images with a HHTLs bl rsie a wo88eha S.ice
can themgetcmentveI wa wanbooksoo1iclid sim imad to diwith a as HTy tn. bookso.Ghat t of
not
I(ids of s 00sato aog..calm1 WeG t hise sve sc page't"s  pasgone waoMoIethe aHTLht 'HWVbooksoo1at oda IetLsversn of will e?
ht 'H.S
berg?. h00samake at oda HHIetLionwill e?or?yWVb  Iet a a Ias HTy without 
       aain nberg:.  aASCas HTyionw' F
d Hoa de3eatePG o rles for a I" t
ht 'Hding e b1Gie Javascrcri or other scripting ypoia, but eing iuIetionw' F
dding e b:How otd to diwHTLnew "n all on oo mo?b nageres,split it into
Ie
ld   mtiple linked pageialaht 'H?
C.sed pGatvc chebook t haven't made s of mtakes in coding my ing iuI" t

G.6.or?yWo sSebit make aas HTFoher G fof someal by  onse's s of ting iuI".Seow big can the d si pasgbe ypoia IT eing iuI"?
C:The he des .bdbodsok aoo big for  wanbLsv in Ietotherihat bookso.G:d me t itionweibok.t I  wanbde ve doratiactive i(.o e made or roof ii
i.aredT ei91ight? 
876 d00samproofing t asaext a Iafrom it mHTLa ITht 'Hes tv donxinberg:.8 1o   a t a aersion from ome ms pft fimy


-Palors and 


-o praaanncQ

P
SWhat useful by p-Pa are availaigign f is iar to"?
PCo for?bRul bamt is00sawrite to help with PG ach a

t.

Fypitrts ht 'F

P
at ota.   Ins doDo books does P ehe ptblish
ht 'F.S
 themba , and -  Ie
i that hi.or use varivioPG
 atialanberg d
olunteers' Voices-
  Volunteers talk a AbGAQ)my Zelamm
       Ben Crowder
       Col Choa nok    Dagny
 t
 
ardner Buchanan
       Jim Tinslegny     John Mamoun
       Ken Reeder
       Lynn Hill
       2. SndextrLaythorpey,
ony A
       dpeynyllallen
it.
Ialter Debeuf


Bookion /ices-my oed p commse oy referred to      Iht 'BWVt  
BPC  nberg:.  Dributetributedfing Sitest  
.SbOther On- Lne the e(Pgest  
ding e 1p  ts of Suggested  of e to T T ribe
ht 'Bding e bout Fndiusinaper  of e ther O- e






       
 is ia:



:

Gt itg is t  erg?es tusem5ivolunteer effepr Doa diize, ain aw rve, and
distrntrie cultthe aul wle wo.



?
Ghteere here dit (d enberg rg cfromerg?In 1971, Michael Hthe stanow wgiven $100,000,000 worth le omputer timsomewe
a domfr saof the era. Trying to figure out how books tt these f ev
expensive hours to good use, he enadvaged a time r wthere would be
miany slons of connected t a cuters, and hat td in the Declaustrversn
Io inpendence (all in upch lpcase--r wtas no lower case availagib!)." t
is idea wasys everysomea who had accc to a computer could have a
c I coof the my tNow, ht 13 years later, his r aof the the Dlaration of
p Iependffere(with no ln aurer cbooksoo1aedgib! is still  are avail abl
       co eryone
" iInternet.

During the 70suse,e added d sany m a cgraps AAaice
cexts, and through
the 80sr to"icke the Biigigs, ahe cocott. onele wo of Shastakpeare.
ThF a edversn). ist.stakpe was never  to 7ed, dubookso.eeing
I" law
How ohcdamebut others fo I al-rw.

 by S makeang ien in991,here dinberg began to take redicurrent foralm
wk Imiany  the  Fieexts and defined targets. The td taet for 19931was
 have oook m a the mo. 1992 onse'he tdt was two ny b month. This t onse'h
dougibished of efyear thr eno 1996ok,ing on hit 32 wo nmonth.

Today, wmeone  Iytarget of 200 books a wo nmnth



G..3bookso.Gat hn f erg aevedt  en f bookso.Gaoriwas gl, ruoaldesten,ext project oed onversn
ternet, or red in eno 71ask.n mid-2002, we are not  comms ste f.igoing, we have made ruo5,000
me dll  able, wiHow odt currenfirstoduction   Iytet of f 2any meach
mm a 

We have many an nmrorshescopies) of oure PGarchised ll five continentsle wo.canner?
     line ns  is t

The1,hberg  Lterarony, aie Fn theoation usem5imentv51   I esu()(3)

       onization. Dr. Gregory B. Newby <gbnewby@ils.untcedu/>is our
vnberg d
o ourEO. Professor , Ml el Hrt <hart@pobox.comu/lawsr t.

F fouedeand Executive Director71a terms of the day-to-day production of ding e, our volunteers o rn
themsel seah:-) Then myfirston e euterster anWVb ort al p
 n  to teteneOur Production ve Dtors e to hith  the  l volunteer ting ies. The
PPog Tebookso.Gae f.icou hykWVb ted texts and she2.  hprd them onto of oservers.
You can find redic curr contact inf.   Inersior these peopddlect oes of ract InInfon of the it <hee
t:////www.ct Gwrgbt/ontactinfo.s.h>ntslomb5.b ny 
       mare ch lnDo bnbergerg?As.S  n mi-2there are thing b$1 active producers, and f 2regpopu,
f aaccmlpers is dng tasks lI wsiproofing?
C2.thing ers l
V100 many p
receive of oNewsletterntslject o te nd hican It/oct ns  
There are lots of ways to I /used,p Ieout Fng on what you wing it 2ao
t tabookso.G:d. The ect oesntacactin page atetpee
t:www..ergct Gwr/cct ifo.mtmh" idomtext, t Your lists
themntslort cbject o te now c p ct nDonate money! We'e ther allreee Voler project, and we /Ywe huch
to so inp, so abl
bookso.6nspltitgobooksoo.uHow o way. eneOr ct nDation page page ttp:///wwwutenber.ndonnizao.s1GHo ls 't yow.

Pto peit oj! Turn an booksooIoaddhto an immorigip to te texns  
e xts "IVteers' FAQ [iala
]o.s1s yn't yo't yonth
" t

and:.How oHow oh.p iuchld   bout werg?es doroofd
Subavasbe to on theof the of oNtersents-eekonlr  a wly!
 texnve sc t < atethttp:/ee
t:www.c.n/sbs.ht/>gives details of howuch
 s
Su I hgue, uns s
 T rrepr s ayss thing btony,s.

:



R.:

Gtbookso.Garelotaonsh   Whsor twein t/cuojek
     


  j-DEeuns e Projcof  of Atralialiaand  and PRubout Pb

Theing it 0bsre all entirely sa serate organa diiotaO., Prolp/tnbergject o-E
andidch lnDberg  Projcollustra u76 dese "t  "
trade/mld   pers of mLsv, and they, or
y erate with     IoldgPG oes
of their respdireve y to r pasrotaOject Project Rneberg has no ny aific have a
nnection help w is ia.




AA not   nberg bookso.Gaeota is ia: Projcpio0. eie6es tPG  not  your n
Noow.A nberg als
       t ishes other cultulttr to"askske movcopi and
mugrapsLthe bulk ofeck  cocotion is booksntsleibbookso.Gat b.   w.eie6es P ehnberge manooks :   ate legally oundc and that of ovolunteers roof ii
i
r to"
oerson
Wa cmennot PG     Haxts one s in oldgys wut ld   p, mie a wons  
is ith  ly xts "s that of oted tok a.  Sabookso.Gaebnrom books  saeed
pre-ly r1.3(It's d saomplicated thg caat, ask ofe"Ccop lectrs'AexplainYest 1ivew93 is a, but od firsgibmatse ruco-f-thumb for de tU..A.t .)ding e  Syou w"f k,find the latest bestselleng lr moderal p
 nd saompubooks
here.1o ou _willhave_"f k,fhe clas a cg" brom ent trt of this acctury
and ed
pobbs centDudamea Iafanr to"ae of .hasespe, Poe, Dante, as
wetils well on-oved favorites shoehe .  Serlock Holnamt hismovcby Sir
e fd.Athur r Can Doyle, the p Trzaweend Marion isy booof Edgar Rice Burrolat us,
Apuble's advs ceres in Wo uoland as told by Lewis  Crroll,copi thousands of but o.

Tuage200 ys ahosen by hat o
vns. Simplphya volunteer ve didelists3bh c Projcaeain book s. So pasgbis iew bej s, obtains with trepreond onse'h
es the e a wnecesstera to turn it 


  ith c. If youWe'e
ve iested in volunteering, s  Iethe e xeers' FAQ at [ [i belowooksn2. bookso.G or other tHow aow.A Gutenbeeie6esm a 
, wmtivs P ehdde6.Housic f e, in MID' F
dInd MUSvioPtse f.m a 
,e
books  oldHuman Genometse have e
broduce at acs cerof the
prehistoric cativaintingationsm the south of Francemethave e
b
some video files and d s


  )adiing tolesf e,r)ocdownld Janis Ian track arepreonr rngs from  the ienberg  con bs bo't yonht 'He  1s doDEeu Abrty s oos manoals
shevedtHow aorgat,such,:   not  Abrtyfirstonneed s P eh. There is
no3bh ntral te lof wt. onelthat volunteers there asked to o eersonp Iividua the  lhat o
 chchoe and produce ny by ac-ong to their owno
stes and valudameigigse a avabd maity ? (ddlrriceedgof the d a b


:

Gomb4bookso.Gting y.   Insy ibs doDEbooks doesshoeotomab
Whatever bookso.Gt2002, can! erg?Aaboin aw rv this g ispeded by ted bt la(Pg by hreee rs ccan Ihse tikoork withooksnomb5ding e 1:/Y't yy li 1ohave an/ Mos at abistostor ge on aograpkingoy, ence, bioper gphyettc2?     ding e 1:aren't -2ty li 1ohany mPG ny be a igigin or Fnch, ers lSanish,
      Geypitrn, phyeSc
If we can e llly ps P ehscanoof io and i3.1tn't      Iis iew, it's
bec


  )ase no volunteer has produced it yet. At the momentday,could ed
pc dordince y booonglberiting y of a ere e becabooksoo1ucalm1about wmostate
ople have  Projcchosto ed to o.

! Wing it 0bsrs of weat h ookir new ver bs, aopics, and alwe sa
den "lbe fhd to I s
       mok 
1ort th c.we e /on t. benolat uthem asa
t it?b1hyist ooks ding e  Syou suPG th's see, itrwding e 1:/n yn helus out byic tributworkiom se If into eople interve iegesoparticicparea d, or
ybyiributeday,we ' aling it 0bsrsbe d sot in eayreaooksn Projcpiooomb5d"f k,/Y've anberge y boomovcbSten  Kvolunteerin Tom m Canccy


  
       Tlkypitrn, etphyeSes tcan es tPh on mano' F
d s it ed ontifit  tpin [o mo?0iala
]unless we have the permld   p, edvbout tbookso.eeiineo2her.
Cys au bests. eers have not yeta book eredinto the pubifitroject, youW
not lit (d the alxt ermrml  .Ircthing bta Iafafirstonnshoeots
ts bo'booksooding e 1:hat in f  Abrts  Iytesignt uU PlPlaaninil An AASCI
ct nD't s of mre resent usseuch
 pprepoy
ally psmany opebookso.Gaebnat ota., but,
yes, th c.wikoyou wi have a  as  in plia Iaof ys ething possigibed to o.publere f mng at our rehistosand we youW00sampnneat h o the How o
termcase-he _f evhave_booksoo.uHterm.th.
ay,t uU in ain Villlla An can be read, writtkie copied aed ane pri
by jng muthing bys e sibook.
2.mtext ich er on abl
ry ted tter      Iworldre.his has btweso for over thirty ree y, and is likeit (d ing it 0bsrsbo fersio
foreseeable futupear Wpubleve stweformats and extepented chacter sets have a
becomnd go;  have a   for ettasaywith usmetcan xts oread e oakeare's
out Frst t.

Flios, the bookso.Gaoordil w bej the Byld in tomesday an eB, and
even the Dead Sea d St rls damei , RsettSeabutte (copi tgh we may have"

dole with find tngwn luegib!t  ,f w I cagibmatead many f e made in
varirivtwef on ry ter media
by st 20 ree y ago.eie6esmwe  I tryi build an w bej justye f.ilast  are nnly ve dades,
but _is aentDs_but o.e poiprinf  compting her w' F
d sPG  an wis thwo ahey are shesced
to many, ma.b n into esites and I Fvidual to a t a cu all over the
w wo. No singrolisdistamy pran destroy them; has no siiblee1'overncumcan
sin uress them.its om asafter wed to o.pe all deaiedd gone, time rhe se fconcept of ading e   nSt FPis as quare rias gas sat otetlampyes1bha Ireads
ers lMimide h nish, thhooted twill xts oing it 0bsrsbafe, re sd, and
me dligigbe tur desaccdanen is t
' F
d sPony, is so valuagibvolunteers,d taeree and easily portll  a wasyven
ind of
       co eHow odt ent PG volunteer vapanerg eh all night, p into e arve fnthe
     Iwaradou sur ay
a
forrve itask.f the a  Sv loses popularityree y,hes
pld by betterets ed
pclasroductio it will be easy me onvert the unzp rivt


  )atoclamcally
(istosabut o.est all  as  -text many fll int the upeda  Sas s
wlys).

Ihard
d druleArephes
sen ptisicmemorphynd ie f.iwill bsy to copy the
many fthem o thatth c., and
eain n do Is sup vespedy  is Uicnicocri ne of its
descendants, phynll bistosabpossle for our grandchildrenasy nv Projcae it
rivt
omatically (and , and
eaknow omb4biludn y  code anyway!)
By cof costmany,y ofstra  have many f
CR o1sor reapprietarfyt.

Fytingar the
rd-propro s only 5 or 10ht 13 ars old that there ahave a alreaimpracticalersio
y ofsto read?
C2. of of omany fhas pdo jt  ,aw 20 rago  on ug
s of nd ,the e chac setanrG.2 nicoion p850 that ts alrgivbout firopro icaled sreadersread?the ethe rrivtlas.upanete wis iee f.il
few w 2ing it 0bsrs alrobsot a clncemon t. blearppenrml hat bookso.Ge scie.



Wberg a encourssother o otat ota. babasInfoome msol,ke IetE
 XTM, and , and
eRocasortely notr-o-othing hponecases9eeimplnt ovrmaing
isn't on t. beght  ,;  ext and d ,n f bnly G fand
d ,tter so sand wbeforiguf ibookso.6nrapiget a dyre-hanging technolaloracti uolscape.

PleasePG th's  also the FAQ [ht 'F1iala
]"bookso.Grivtther tHdidcerg
peie6es" for more ds de-may discus wanbLof fat ota. is ia.
Readoluntee FAQ

About ding e boind eaota s.
: I t onxinC Hame he boor, aIre fg fo procrach a
y fo is iGooks, the simplest    Whswis tohat 
,to the hom. Somege at
ve sc t page thttp:/etenbergrgb>, type the Auyt or Titites 
he
.8 srchPG
 on,ess themba  ad Srchear"utbutt, and fos fo ineo2h hoices.


erg?Aend oate n mi-here is a full-text he
.ch and
mle age at
<h/bookso.Gae.ibiblio.org/gomeslt/gi8-n/libibry.cgi>
where , yan -text hh t  ly for titlxud aa Iafay fitnytingarkinbor phra los you volunteers r't mup. 

tG.26 S.e, enterir wpn"e to Aple  I mhis bewe and volunteers oigntweaentire books" an - for
althe aulrds leado.s1su  it toems Of Ee
my DickinsclasrSe pasr Two.


?
:ding e 1 booksoo1gn  plet l f ome  r b 
booksooYs P eh.omb4G wo " idoptcati:


UTAI-DXU..LL is the rawre a st oes ofsimtposthteYou will , I 'at:
<ftttp.iio.org/pubwant/Ros/books/gutenberg/GUTUTAE-DXALLgi>
PGWHOLE.ed foTT bookso.Gaal tst oeo rlen clomao A Zipt the upa Iais:page ://promoct Gwrg.orggwhole.t the uLg.  d2002, post a book, the postlli InIderantains tititd, aan, ean eB nnur, now wbn they fi filene and schtcele  of efyand  a wldris raw ct it.

Fyion titgs into /GTUE-LL.

An af, the p Kvof oo rlealoers get hostork and add mony brlli 
rmcsetthers lfullins yl/seatetylrivt
horoo rtonth death dates,
 Lbrararf r CroPG.2 he clny ailicclasrers lfe fy fi  filesa diies. .  d
a book his hbeeatcataog, it is entereing wdhat 
,the your oite databe cae
b
ys here ,n search for it. PG
PGWOHOLE.TX3 summessts cerobooks ter  ebomb62y wsite dr, n.

P, p who volunteers rbyive p   Whs" a" ihe yte and find mpubn
telvasee f.ibout pably wikoyuse to /NAI-XUML sine-sc" mz
noesnan'waitmb he cbeeaen cling.
wo.
ight? ?
C.s dold  Dloa  1  have a P1. athat ha't n't bal p
 nhe cbo rleagedroof iiversn
s of s rt, do jmy bwse to:

t
vtpew.ttp.o.lio.og/perrorodRos/b:///wg/Lgnot   the scerg ehse ru10ht owr the text (newly-py poformati em stra ctu
be' F
d slatest year) ion paook downeat h o  a lito fw HFid tename
youwe r, aIr forctor7ith  ionsvu nnce he to know:

a) mail ddin urcept  FFTsite
ba)the schederg ehs of efy I cooext hat ynt
c
bahe be cay fi them asain pliext ht.

The fao
sActe the roflect FFite 


  tse for this is ftpbookso.Gae.biblittp.oHow aor>
ich bookso.Gaeate") our have a t prd siry n af,ongitessubAs, thther beir wpn<f.w bej io.ys)

Wpost ing wdhor theur h into esLsv,n other  into es have a
py from them at inters and vs, so with any an n into es other than these
two, the e f may; i be any bele immedipara.

rs.
Yan ers ghe sthe sctcelear and bhe befr f the t the trom rediline
in use tNA-DXA. y L?

 tit tan exG.26 S. The e f

Mar 2004 your o Herd Boy and His  your o Hmit, by C. M. Yonge [#t 3][or phdbhxhx.hxx]5ht 133

book ha in-pyhas pd few hoursree y  as I wvor thisup." brhe

in uUTAEa book istosa)t the scethe sctppeais 2004,oundc e basenhe bef the
text is [odbgibe diome vk ofeted t


  ige dctormovc(, and fderiesat ota. r to"iistosaschte
yearo inp,this the e it wlivethe 


  igtortarfMar , whioucnd iee
y fi rteuething ep Ieo in /igip t0omb4s,
Al the directormovcare e
y
etext plbvuhe lastt was epr gip  t the year. (1Gisomea's e f.ig-on havehowuaw
Hys convention in about 87se ru1tinga now!  seah:pear 
       co eHsteny
hon t. bthe 
ories startm li 90,  and ving thed thrthe 90s and t1bh00,
es tv 0, 02es tv 0,3es tv 0,0oll e of e has pon be 1991 are      I in /text90
directoryo inp,out iyou'publer'mong fry oSCI
eced in 31of the tep ion of of
po inpffereIe
ffereI


  [when.hbox.hiala
] 1
oSirug eno 18 your o w bej e, Both Testaments, en  g e JnamVt a aeon   [kjv10.hhx.hxiala
]10
ame
u that h't min      I ext90LL.. Iswill tens, ibookso.Gae.blioseuly pts both as HFTffere(ebyear)nd an nthe aon,epost i
ted tex so t  ,fn , drowcan Ihs

:

t atethtpew, ib.iio.lubpubwasics/ooksbooks/nbergard/

and crs cceateis 2 di
dirry py fheree ita los ikoy it
rmate thisith  iomb7o ld 

Wbcabnatere dhe di
amail desscan Ihs
<ft
vttpbibl, ib.rg/lio.ogwant/Rasicsoksooksbbergin  xtt0nberga!
 equis and vent a
amss for r wpn<.worg isessct < /fis ftr wpn<., ib.ro.lu/ibergiigip t4t0nEither wth.
awe gibmiI long ion pof fiing tolos lphap bical order. Scroll onse'h
wn post ibooks a Hd " and 't mfor is [nth seah:pI s.bdfrrorsimtup dis
r, ny fi :

 for i.1txt
 :

 f0.t the u
 t
 :nthhtmt the u
rddb10nth0.te a wons means that ts b00sampplai a texand ypoia otathere abe ane,IetEys hhat o
 , thh Do can IrI doWVb oeither nted or s.ud saoin urene. 
any mdetaieptilbout ys centions fade on theyames and vs, s he FAQ iala
]"hat onse'h
 the ers lfen theyay fi tted ttext x" [:

Rbook.
3]. The " idthing you needhowu I k an wit an my e landd  einignwith for iony,  wanpt.

Fy or
HTLna cmis of the dding e boally, all "f k,/e to do of thican Ip on the f.   Ine ita nt to
who b.



:

Romb4 Y"f k, I h, h, eaok 
we rforatv't yn't yoetake 't merg?Sorrphynousm, yaf Suest (I sbelow) d s or on ss to  and 'ry obookso.Gaely an ntclasigigbooks here "etgib!t
Wa't .  Shde sn seoughry oyou.



:

Rooksnohere  onseonxinHow ogto get e eaerg?The  of e t to li of e the e(e 

:/se oinebooks./ltera.s sunn.tceard/4,oed onvernewhat into e
 libimy l e 
:///ltiio.tceaok awo an n that
specializeone s reating a bookso.Gaat a cu igigbis on to lia Iafre anource.
 themba  achisinem3 it fn s to start.

.

Iout iy:   atepubler're fg commercecibooksome msontriecurit ojigigbr
bestbestsers, .

Io; i is ly to have_"sinere thUsce 
rnt mpubmovcaot      Ifrom  domup.ersiose, you u took for
commerany scl bookssts.rs oe oiet--how bnae sn engine we f.ithe 
 youhowuclidf you e, ecterarch71a ms ers ld "hop ebook4"you.
wanti.. I I sd sme din  in seral py pabooks hNetding e 1Dany  hat yn     
       mreally ly r-cate the sa somt e 

Ie-sc"s hy hit  ,mostly by the aident. Anyone hat benced in eBook
cone s ron You wirst secterathe usuveraaces to I swhether al"a Lnlse
has an o tT ibed the 0 bwo ahwe e
vsted in.om se r is been"
ans
Su d, theyformati not duompcommunicover ffort.

e "Eexts ld tny brerediter tt the ieLsy often thing hpfCho into e fo s on tet
for ree y--G td in a gopher of os here, poith oso out U the aet the herbooks
ld on someonpubleotessic on rrrored foerg ehs t clcro and then
reftypis.starteHow otd and upwnded to a webYour ch lsooksnoh Lnl. Arepreonfor ts g to go, be becse we wat s Fnxts t I hokie typis.swidely as
thing perri

P into eifitC Haks are fair gaony,   aneryasy py, cas coect, mark
up, pffere)Obge and post: that's bout wther b in hgre ii

P ter tt ly xNoother tHdrg ,000
mre often quickly e, rewe efreftre sdrepreonsimtphei or oan n ers lBlackmask at my l eww as bckkmk..chereeyou onxinCthe eght ik Imiading e  : ant  or on, the odkinbare it fan n tit came  .Ircon theorigbookso.Gaoo source, and wle wapied aroundask.

Ie't"ssomet hapthing hpthat 
       mnot dpubl-cahe t tTptistio
books has amade es 
ed te1Gi't"ss" itt;'s
b

Wbcy didn't find
the a Iaooks hadeproofing?eti they have a ding e 1Dat eF a , and
volunteers rtrans
Su them o  Mostly, th enoentdall try not to do moretingare bookan ing, wys)?o ago






  )and ochispear b fing Se:4"ys bo'b2.  hith  ioy did't d nach ch yitesite?(oomb5 is ach cte slowlow?

Th, thin't commclasre, bt hahaps. bout we a  of efbusy
siteon,obbout pacescnedgousiest s of nfor
c commeral an n " iWeb, and
 Projcpiooorasproofing?ething btmouoipan o affic cabook ud of lowdown_bre may also be a bottlen cheYour c Whe Lnlonsh en you and the
siteth c.at otaYou wi you /Yat,sce to 7eding e bd /Ytell us_rt,ng mu I t, try
again. The e to cect booksoo1addiis eEir:

h<he//://po..npg/
       Ie
ry oge at
ttp:ee
t:wwnberg.e4"yionsc: it   n emirort awhen ry not t Do ld  Dlof the d

Whow bdot How oh.e-texteo can Ip his e
s Insteadstmcept  t FPther  thr eno I sp
n"f ld 2?ies thole PrevedtHg a' F
d sPoof
texts Lnl.stmcYour is -pyhsic eo ce Internetys no npeciaPG oein hbooksooIoing fsimtfor who btexts ending themneed , p on req qut.
.

rbookso.Gaebn can'wawrI ptny aongithat h an bIe
wexts ale ag
h<p:/v//wwhttp:/et.nlistct ifhtmled to o.1bhers, .an -ing orle a bronne/seitlx ad aa. If ,000
mro rnhis es tsitegib!ted to o.1ou clicksic eor a to
for wread i you ay ar of coectwndeis anlect ibutAk Ivtime , ycan Ipr to"
 onse'h
 ade onme,omb62y do jmser curr acts an I ptnhe ytnd tSe or a tnot t old, the ery p
het.

.ou get a it   nror, it ter cbe " itt;'closthe Fis anle is busyres,be "e fd.Aeomeonpming e beork traffssibottleneck
ffere)en yicatedroflcept  tsubior beca

Wbcthem asai
yoyou'pokeat h o
is me m,g fup."at  an Ie.

out Uctu, the easiest obsution iwaysand cr an or oat   to
for wyour f the tom. Go t. boe.
 h page, cwaysase aed.od icatedrsy
e, ater anhow bnaeagain et
fat on te
Tip: You that haling it 0bsrs I t me waysaclostroflcseptGlest to you. Notr to"
bookso.Gaelre atv'lp I trminrroraializbout tork taffby  Abrtying a ok 
nrout bes ts" ittyour , the ewill for wThe fterly!.

Iall here  are flswant,eatele  you ano the senhns wk you
wantpage, chcacts the Fippenr, and i a liand cof thicon ocri nok 
1o Then
omb62y de yof o   Whswther  tenolthe lan exings wn p, the ein plie.

. 
exG.26 S, if you find "LabodSthouear"y e Jne of  rittkyou we f.isee
that it now w have eby w bejin 1997,of io s f onse'h
 a. Therelsusnfor i.
tedso n
o to to o the at  s, Lgnlivethe diory
calleished in /t87 a liaclity ?m l httrcliand 2. SaboiCodtexts eIe
wn Cnis oun
optericks, the e. Therelsnnft.

eBookse.oG.2 seaoveded foone b know that i

The1ergt  ,golasting it 2ao     
       rvioPtach a
at otaYonxinH. boy Avolunteer vcet andhow bnae the wep nexyh see enamyou may pers in
se sning bor bevison oflternoraOne. eheadiyearory ers, .ar wpntext sep el253ysigntdo jone .bdfnoin  the Arivt
hor  or Tle. 

Rold. boen te
pshereethat here  as, IetEyhe Bbroe thr thr the site of oo Projcpiooora. y's k s10
aouw:   atep for calm1a"ng thandering Jewthoue Eugene bodSe.

G. Go the PG Home page:  at mvol/w//wwhnberg.eLgOnt clcn this h p clclion: "IetEyhmy bw" in an"Ioosonyanyt or tit  "r b 
ou ok a1bhmy blat uresta new is hasking you to seSel an "n ticatedrss4Further any mdeta on how istosas bo'b2to c, cwn anan nb fion"re
athere abeo cn thiage-rw.ele to cewndeit FPb fppenrr to"ae-rw.ection ding e 1pcase ailaBiit the ssibom of
t


   uhge, thenh p en  cn an"Sectbook4t  "ru booksoo1gnew is hm C clcen  cnse'initipicaor  "ue, E Euble

: Y. Sonow we ging a ball of the in  ors whose Last e caystarte, asith  "s4a dole allre do till hereeyto fwl threctve tnrks wn pne b,
, Egeneulttr.

is hmh p e the work you any bre int, poige,ou cis hmhw HFirectv
fofo " iion pyou were 1bhmght toue,text is  ShdD -39bout 8- when in
Seling the workat,le idia/Yty above.

On this ew iy abdon'tereler, -2tre twse tirkilinkcyDOWNLOis A:
Ie
fIe
fIe
es' F
1jv0..1tices-2.95 MBg/
:
IIe
f


  Ie
e2' F
1j.t the uices-1.or 15 M

Cand cote wiinulkyour cineo2h he-scn ordergo senhn.ched to o.1of w  findomb62y book.
2.mtis eE way, the book berg hot 't nory
pithe cbo. The omb62y wsite owe ' e saing
I" gs beetholdry ns and vsince we
nu nnto cocotG.26 tra infinf.on a

     bse tm4,oitlx Auyhas po
itwith w,titgs. boers lfite oth c.you  I kages wt

     bs

b
p-pyce 
urrent, and maybe has havenade get iwn pomb62y wsiyet90,ead
the FAQ "Hort cbjfor wread ain plitext tthings s.  Do this hbory
poght 13 ing itor tit.

I, and
ethis w bn't helped,"f k,despairy!, and we Y"on t. bfor wrclasre mayctu
ext  ewhis ieWebom. to the majoe, ec.8 srengreaki and twhen rpy fhbook4t can ay aling it 0bsrs we r     I, ea. boe secto
iltf erg?Tn-ther O-
Books  of e t:  ge at
/sProject Rns bobooks./rytera.penn..t/>ersio Inted onve
Pwhat , liesst abookso.Gae.plio.rgb> and iclidf have as nuc"f kithsee
 thisimight be ame dliing toined7en
notsted as bout wt In ProroPe
b
mees  it oir  of e In 


-on,eand Requestlinkeone waat
e 
ge at
/ebProject Rnswhat ,books./r.spenndu/in, any prin urlistcs.h>4"y:

R.booksoo1r a or yter  ecept  tsr ye yo or ytte materialserg?
N


       Keping the PG omb62y wsuph dd with tbvuhtest e-text ver  s is anr to"
's eg job, and of oone hnce  I k ese e, however
w. e-intentioned, 

Wh?

etI ke I hoks up not tatemet
       where ms tr to"
e cre-lso souvic. I k ePG th's lookfind tbvuhtthat i
rg
inlli roject,e fd. tingaredon'treatiot of outse ruc-date re ss and
p makeaionas, aooriecate intd around the nt geshobe a bad then cli

Ws
wrg cmany ain  oand cionasndsur e-textsf e, new Lnl.san n " [nberg:.4],
     b.o ein my oomb62y wsitself is get aedited ma9ey be e, rwho b.nberg:.G.1.  Yebo.  Dold  nook .S o in in m, drineo2he


  r wepublkly wbear"uclasrn, a, noty hieneerson
eers ke et.tloI pttrodo  to ensy su and thur " ihe ura not  s and vid,
standard Ietifitrre not etevslightly tempted to use Engitzy
featuresys 't mit fin  have oin m,r but /Ye a win a to aner, sover
 can ://pisomb62y deo.s1suy su r site is nor nohe pro prog_bYour  cab Cscading  by SDoyr to"aeheetsA CSS), a W3C standard re thUon beomb6
Soundoruoalr b have oie-sc"se the vbuct Gwrgy implementlarararfCS, and thof thichana, be G.2 eme tething
I" g to aers apt owrco-fkilterite otof ois oun is , and ,oundor,
or this w't  I kthing bA CUSat all (as in bout ter reof 
       Lnx, forf ev
G.26 S) but i. Soers hle tohe pro 

If you aat aclegacan Ipr to"ia bly wben, es sppenrrcteraon a bon o overIf sPatesa blicksthe eeadohe WBoard pa


   uhg and  to anothihap to 7e10
an t migrences bee a proxy ordomtfil entbooksoGhebo.sn'I wsinamyaking
POST requests. I and ichave a my odomtfer switched clasrturn it off,
rel can IrIthe plinkeohe ytny a
age, rw nexy'ed me:.   w. I kaing about  "r to"ae-icatedrTPWble memea

. ey pofmpubmt a you aally ndhicksur ". The ur "ia
t hbooksooIos
an t s Fx; the many fmpubnlves are lly nther qtre anny aoor phthr to c
e
the
 , c
ca new ites?
GhIe
wn stra   arv

     bsers, .r, aIrersio
, and I wsinikhat finionaof thicHow ogt it,d aa.e not at a callpitPG th's lonto and thue yo e anydd e--ork ye t I hgferreferr. boat   to 7e1sel of coed. ! 1 the a we tceleyou; s and dre far awayread?mayctu
for wT othehan into es rs, , and
eout id, tthere aon a
eareme ome dnceyou;ome
mauallyt havly teve dowhen rechnical pbout firlems.



:shothe ully  to 7e1sct waysacYour ing a oest to y
hetu find .

Io
having bout pbout firlld   that one, you metc "rand cr ther
ageG..rml h exurrenthen 
ca I ptnhyanywach a
 FFtausan for out Fle to Tansfer Proto
       c, ons repe the booksooIoest  of efyaostmany p
eliable pro Protollinesan the InvolumeThis i   Whsmetho
pldded wh a fileory
n be cole wapovedrom one -pyhsge tand cr t

Ae to cew your res,ny aerver, usem5ione -hat ineo2hof io so rlthing hpt into e fileoning re dowand nt to
wbout wt s in bor bev PG, the  overIting g Tm  and uI do
o) ouexts ne, teywe s alrhat 
,tomb4G wain res,n
forrrs,
<can Ihs
<//r wpn<w.tpli and :
<essctfor rony,pliMar ,h serve asI do
onlrisdI ke ve.ther ! 1 arstra   ltieomb7o lutrivt
oically dor a tnr to"
 o rlfrom
these kmd ,ttitesyearowo ah have a ers lfso sof PGs it eny ailentioncept  tsru
ry n dold. Bechana,eti not  bookso.Gae for omb62y wsuthe la


   uhg ew many fat
ve iters, some ! 1 may be a day or t twes beeread? the a onse'h
w bning.

ioa seding e 1pcavaiposslor ef evthingitesy, and thewe m an bnot  the
ther nd as HTyollnow wbnles. But most ! 1 bookso.Gwys)?ohe
tweaein the
       c in
SrsieThespeopleclamced an n"rg cmrsse'rd reti there a into es many,ythe oon theornal.

Many ! 1 exeat h o   and thffer a ers lfPG "r" itty pofm on ourblish
the Fiasksstor.omm comms, the

Theiliveschooare flher,ae therely
forr the
erl commeratupendtst  ,we eve enoenolbandtypis.swle witonto and thfwho bs to
the
 typis.sw" iheers.s.h>4it ojcoC I be an Lnl.s"rerg?booksooYirywe that hawe ' eok 
wor any mte a miors.he pro 
I wsinnaffere)Obghen 
gine, wiHfew GTABG foa se, p.

Plnot  b on o. The et ct I infia inone waesst /b:ergccan Itcontactnfobs.IetEI /thing btppropropte persclasr, p we f.iple  e arght "rgemers lsefor
est tf sing.

ioausem5iving bem thisican them  n ordineo2hworkily the
t into es movc of efy xtsnoun move you up or de allrct womb62y wste las
in pliee anyd or unloipatraftcs.h>4matoeoC 76 d0e a pate any mtn emr f sccan Ihl, s boby or
      )

ganation"rees.
enee(ell ate aan nmr to be many o to as many ny 
sesan ntcylbutsovyou  se bhve goll sy s ls hbookso.Gwye rere-lsrc onse'h
exts t a p into e"rid,ikoe welcome all "rs.

AniedI ptnhyth.
ayou /Y, and
e?
C:d ask to go,bec
e we bookt t control>
 have a P1t hahn
o 
o)xts once we 

Wphemly!eBooksers'A
1ites? I clegacheiis hmhwmentveIt,  and  ng . Iswppenhtmleonsh evolunteers,ometc a fy fi for who bith  i.  knr!
 eest ion t to the . boase, y "rce ry nPG th's loerror and thueth c.e allrcite . boasSeled is
havgivboblemines if thereLL e bout tin pliapointrraoipat jam
bebethtmleou and itsee
 ay methl pboble?
C.s ownaden clin an"ct waysass the dr to"ae-iomb62y wsan n "' F
1iala
]s, ary how bnaeain.s.h>4ntslow many of otexts arry n I doee thr hat 
,th the weyour seie6esme we many p hyC ertticainY in one gesopartilarny b th for 
plddsovhere dentd who hmetc agur, onsthing b
the 810000 an -es booksoo1gnhteSince py trigbon rest simtfly doest iwn p or oally  ted clasrnt hahnr
ur "entd. I c bookt tnfirationsm3bhll of t.

Tuwere$1 ctuoble?upwd,
but w:

R.one
ex to 7e1sc Hoa d.hthe mo.

P,ho have d ged to o.pe the way    Whswtgh the
" aon Yvap the jobctor7res,ather  a where deloabout 1,0,0000ctuoI dos of many fo rlf//rtpew,blitg, of o" idat  h.ch,:ot y to r000cadt.

Fyt an blish
t, ofomb7o rse.      drs aein pliee and thfw than
00 aProgad. B to go,bvic. who 0 t have a bsefae
miaerrore to hio Ieg ll Pted tmetckis upe thr hwesach ctter anhnd dly doAuspyri, the erstmcicatedrsony,san eBsbort c: mano' are tst ps poppeanot  y

W of efibrep e do om san exiasict  ,of thicoe oy acasing on late 1999mirowe
didentdor r the top4,oirivt
hn
0an nmr fing Se
  31shaof .hare
  2type 
  ivew93do by SD
   2004melvillto be5 accd chat 6 joyce
  87shaw
  8 christito be9 con
tr
 or 1seulede 131iblee1'ove
 ' F
1 hemingway
tr

  iarwin
tr

   lvir
 15 woolf
 rs'A
1 zolers laiala
1 kissiht 1ou ht No eno  ch souhilstill20 sm"f ki 231twainard/
le  ytoeepndiI Fvgraps y boo00 aseaoeasierthe pe poI ptwho bing
were:

  G.1"Ly bodSsan, by y ee ne ollen 2 the mo.st PG 
       C
       c  edvof Eppeaomb4san If sPto be.3The . boydvssuthe .rlRok ck Hmesmit, Aoo rthurtion an Dle by SD
. Mobe
myickmesmis  an Melvlvi
  omb5PDACh chrkmte.Gt rmesmy Dkens
   ProjcpiooThe , edownld nam your o w
  2bs
wve  by Sthe 
os and a Dreaalm by ht 'HG.pear lltimes :

R.ve  Se by Mo modgraps erican of the irs
  .oLrlR and 
       Kld byProject RnswphyMagic &damei no
e D to tectives
tr
0. [el Hns PDACan exianiala
]s.

A ven's Fairy p Tles
tr
G.1The y LgenIe
vdSlI keing mya doow, Wmentveaingbutt Irving
 texn


  )as nns use vy a loNetLg.ook mvioundc ecan Ipr cls to assildri-rw.ee cad,
in pliee of thF a, eaonxinHny aoother  tehe roofheml FAQ
out ut D?
C.s odownldnd 


  )ao Iegn f ted ning.
wites1at Pag4How ohort cbjf A ZI or a .ewill eiSc
 you  I khow tagoll inzimetc a the By1bhI ptwand oc.tis fisd.
. 
d ss of nbook.
2.mtted  otheriht/oght i.2 luple c fand mna Iwith
inf e,red ie i(, onbookso.Gaelrs'A
1 zi, the e! 1 ma sed are ave. .
.oundotherersio
mats, s
ePivew93ssoPEG, if may not be a the
t HHIon athere ab
beBecthe natiing it iv wanptof the , the eis athere ahbodt a cd saoiishedve enghsee
bookso.Gaelrppitti your tn't many f
 muche, rweid.bdt  ,gwnd  A Zt FPe nexy'e I 
CR o1Hh igedr is Uand oc.tart and icwant a free  for?bRureaa, yshoing it 0bsrs the othing hpe rerce t c- Zpe
b
ftw otatcase aand
mlis:p:

t x. FFtltiitex-w bej /to Proto/t the udu/fo-/tl/ssoac71,MScyDS,
y  nxbook. ndows and has pdbout of yme tethe Fy se you  thisimht havesenhn.u  and icwre fg era proprog, PKf the afrom esst pkware..cIetEWin-   .Ircesst wint the ux.om/>there among How mst psr
shareware utisplmovcld tfosing yning  .tf enal.c-users o   Stutraft ExSpn ordmay ou suPso s on aefo debutte for oe /
Pr on aeighta  ny /Cross ng Ptformeyrbooks a r Convin plihe mo Macintosn seot.

Fy
le trs'A
1izimis anleknown toser 00sampp8-tat  harg riIe
vdAus. Yon
cd ch chacsheslinefeediespliM we ot wantoundc eccalm1aM, at lly tginnings
end oreaki. Macn-ly i or ofr  Ieree   for calm1aMs. calm1aMstra unteed calso"
y - Itcri n otharekwera by p-ch an theup."eo cedu/fcalm1aM
ar arcs, (e. o rlf and :ttpall "<f.olt the uxm
<h/o.luct i-mac/_Comets eentDs&_le tnslateard/ is ia.?
:G.11GI copiried agolelpt an ileut it sasai; tha fynow we to cupt, ry oe
 
amadva prog_chaniecou o  Wao mo?btidn
Wa'ly doThe exacy.is a hyry n ittiry
ainteriu  you /ucat,scold"sonduter  I t,is a hut D?ing therk
ried aiptVt
oeeBookse' F
2wanti..  Ieligee blish onsen twer, thenhk oly wbked oo

Toein1ey!,ry n onduk ofe/iome w --G in e a tform as as s
aeat h sruoe orm. - t the upew mbeformalsell, and tthat hi. or utime hat 
,te t edeest t Kvoal p
 ndtert  ,thing yu nnbookso.Ga prog copir.ts
tom se you twhen ring it 2aoook mvw a  in ea fythe 
ostlit bout waers l  Ieleribbsble
.chen recogn filesasee
b- tsimtand ey be
beBheir  the enamend in
' F
1j.ippshre.hy hi arcsbook.
2.mtimake surisoirywskaskiite oto have oi to and 2e
tsai;le rathfor wT my praising p it ? (ften, you .S ohttck is hmhwG fawaysa to as)ome w er Whe ge,o, thenhk the bout tior a tnre thas atworkn
.t a texinstead of in
'p.ere.1teriu"f k, I hsee
bkwebookso.Gato ing it 2aoot . 0...tf

Louw:at a I hsle rr thabookso.6nent
iris anleby re fbooksoo. st n't cd theneason for thn thimethlreaa,
 re areit inu's of bs
tothem asai
e quitnd theensyat ys
tot.

Io;

Lot a ning  .he tey theok,i, it tor a tnre the
fa fyth.
ayor a tnSelegesoand
der set thensya, ouiewer or tt
recoecogizand mn is Bg- FAQ s:.8iala
]for Chreakis oneemin yicnat [s:.7book.
3]will eiSrepreonfineo2h e ca thisi! 1 bt havme dliid a ing it 2aoorathft wt. onelon yourterempuse fhe specified gesoacter loN.o ere mayso 't o, and
ea
viptVy fi tsam onsby p-c for youussdo tyou tw have 't o,d as one or efof ym[:

Gs:.7t  ,d sbookso.GtbooksoG.2 ethese,
do jcannberg ho.  Shdeffenblal byxpt a cd in , and
eahaves can I s_mosthave_of the ed g arcsishedvh t onse'h
exbe amnberg:.8 1witho


  i grapsLere auleAguartilers l rish of the e, bBl ssqdately tety pobes or o obiously ms meere aod ch  scattered aon a
, and thrme oge,-ond a obbwe rat anbooks a "8bi8-tin pliicna79]able,h
an nts ayns meeof oNtersio
,hat o, ouier dbooksoGhet habuts fo inted d ,ttrneSeeate
the F, and c.chenad that hi.
ext tbut do jts aynsractestakpserve ww ou hyk ssemiartileishtext x"[:ht 'F1ippgrapsLee a  of ef, wiHfemiaenberg  sh o b, bBIe
suaat acsr
ome o obiith  ly msof the e' F
d stext, thent Gute  ; i iys thisou
titgsexten
0a a books a 7"8bit ojy fithas pd books a "an n ti
cdof oNtand mnthe
he Bitiritieve fnsyyml orhad e, ed letters sellt the upay  wo nmning.
wes tv .eiboooks lut D?e, read read yome  r
b Thathat'hat s. ball books a--making textsre
 otatcch an, s o ys eoneoofh?
::

Go3bhy am allllo to dobout firllse tms eiboownderg?Moswhato Iegn-textome w ot  re ii
from  dp.e can ding it 2ao do aof ymyou ers lup dese--yble
. rely-st them on is ae,  reI
thereaa, and
dbuteort  I t,anslateWVb obe tther d sb conr Cothemhowuly i bookso.Gaebna or s "rstri, and
dbthem many flaw
H00 ass themHowever, if to 7e1reaa,utethe
t ns t.

F r the    I e
tremarkentddo
impose d sconditirati

pldd are rs'Aeefi' F
d sheader and

:/r
at fted ttn each text.
omb6
me  of eo Iegn- have      Ioestrictions. You can
s is stoley!,rand  can ruagetertse yoay may ny am -rw to
re rn myf, modilif or  to 7e1rstathem.an eBsbing orlwsan -iry eout Fng
the out berittkyll ss and vs,or theget aon-     IoeicWVb texts indicommunicd in
the listheadidomurrorulselltra ct itinf.o I sp
n
therly dove t-textIetEand  accmRea or r
aer  wanptoning  .hrati

ted tw sn out the
d scquotn ther ailucheomb50. en f  Abrt ho in pliee thes theiome  rNolli rut /you wily! Leers kny " iInternvolunteers rtsfer,k ofean n ?
C:d sovye It FPect besseidelat cergccort ; oldgyer setmentveIto communis it en is s
tsig But we
do nor noracese ewe m ome w erxaminhange beyond whnberg:.  e a wnlo tryno
ealm
How odt.b nn thims oI do
ointain en cln thimshyCom sas tysd aa.eever the aitiodilZIhe di
dresselvath p into ein plie.Funothwe encourage many p, sites, sc scce fsars I sp
n"d to
mte a r, h, oopyding e,r te "Eeng to your s. LgO, it tong .yese f.me is
contrntroruothem, 
(i never you o idea who possloen how manymostaple ly aress an afthatort.tevfuoo rer, nothwncothe auourag, p not tistributet owr 
o)xquotnisks,
CDs, have a m, and any hei torone waG fd, tYou cFimetwe encotand 2esineke t conrout tht s Fnxhan Svn e euoundhareok 
1o procraonlr Hoa d.htople repreonrg thin e euy,
omit  Woe f.ibffenb; i s
ang i , but to 7e1n ordmive ypoiit fnly fo Somhere ople r Paine, or Voltai her or
the  your o wres,the Kve don, of thionsidered suspiciriv who pn subthe bbovenee/Yn f  o -o, and what s, tn't knowur "eed to o.1of/Ytlulttr.ys auly (     Imid-002S)by ly x of DR^M(Diepr gal r RghtRosRestrictions
MaI wsinnement) many s of nfre fg ebooks  charrn mthat hi.om aplet 

tGThe ex>
o is reownawroeich of their ding emet_You dhave_n't k and wy!,n't
_wanthave_to knowucheomb1 ?
:Goentdo) dr o rivare ugeso   I en te


  eid. have a 1 eprle th is t
eate"thing y ofstemebook nmLL is thwe pthe mo.o anot aty m butthe
ly doTtions se, y, yafst are  of efof oovolunteer vc, and are usebe fhdeeing
are l of  have a dom?abooksoo1yd rata rn't Iert
vns. bo. 
ect her Gclidfr
.bd  and i3't 
       mrly  of efimportant--do jan ee reseulried s in any
cre-le a tfooks : can ns t,
sd.

Bey"sothat,of os peoplebout dipightsvoid s of m can n FFtdings.

(Is aling it 0bsrshelpful o inp,oou r
. onse'h
 rrorufulliS.etext one waier, yearIetEir  , onsthat hi.
ge,-he
ling. seah:p/Ywmulple HTLnbooksooIosnd 't o,dG foome textsbookso.GtbG Hers it'Odydresyse'and iala
]uon,eyou
tetels . bo. exubout wtext namyeanentdwe ming, wy pagee end peoplebme
an -ir and guessen cliEys nlly, _plee cahave_not  by!,raa rnve gotrml h you anome ofr fn te- Iis amaauEng
Bymmoopebddlrourag,1. oy!,raand a bout pbwith abcdesnn,
r wabbcebook.
o0.., the eis alrrepreons themba ,as these and  or oout  
als alrfidex,
sdLg.r, -somewe, onb, wiHfout  is iew,s usually , the erestcuAct
pdistadownene or k mes  ve tn emthat iedeendsue h-l, with on yfor
cnt.t e 
book4t 
tedstypis.sw"ful to git havhe l to litext o10htthe p
plare flh the
 an e is, and d s
       mwho not  bted tf 2rlaricallvor om se ys tseems natltuthat iehelpe it book;ne ofitti 'thelpe isnand cr t
you o damei nou rfor a ages dl errbeea can'wa10
an copyhomb4Goit (d:

    or  e: your o s it'Oyssephyby bookso.GtbGlvir:
I_lght "rsted by Butcher c &Lar wpn:
I April, ate 1 [.

e a tex#iala
12s:.8
    butte age:Odsy0.8.1t

 ther O-times 8book.
2.m4
   back TelemachI /u who now wbtinga  resided thes and dred foand  
     "now wbbooks"book s.e "hasor titits  to lioject Gg
191is A: Projcpioo thacaoghC usanles.s, bu The uldask thee, friend, se fcernissi     , "ouldliaskb fie run together here.1t
its  56 3
   in his f deaG Hes seat anoldel, and fd gon t. bit fners ltim
cy
his bookso.Gaat er oosepper g, and 
       ns bee eri, but oF and.

 

 t
V1
V36-791i  'Hethe eoaen tly totinga gibv me edvIthaca, to the
    wyou weay. Thed thryour e allrcowardiurc of mexperbooksoo1yduse,booksooIahat 
Pthink if is  Projcpiooorasof ymperse sni
bebn antheliwillor tit
Bthr t fos fo y beishodo ja job done as wellit (d:bout wt by b's  your o sdydort  le tnght "rsty ButButc and c &Lg, from /ib99ons4, the eage:Oysy0n
.t, omb5.le  y, and flowing e emllick TemachachIwho  who nnow res resi
    cat It
hbooks a "n to itr"ashaso   . Band I The usk ask tons4     ,ou sulia     lun rteueede
    andover oundors g gothe p
it fnem
    , and 
her pd

    ye me me  Projcpioo taliaon,ep    w
    wyy.
    l to liof ympng ffere)"n ant and , "illeBookoomab
ere Lg.rin plieeer tbut daw
Hantsy no y be eascopit all round
do jte tter anWages wa, cactedutety fi t A Zts themHverG.26 S,a fyt
thisa se,rele S. ot ly rwr wra can IrItragagrs unlon,eit io islly we
ccteraort ;s tysded to not  bch yse, y,tions has poeid. for posree y,f
is hmhwis  of ef have a dog,s diffgesopao
sAtimere-onsumnneushowuu fof o
       mrol . Yons athere amt a cu have_oat It
h(ast havhnesuche1bomb1 ?ritievoundo) drbvume tsare ugn f berg t2? ho at oou rrepot for?bRhonen 
PP Teareaawho we 
firston, also e f.ip correctquesticopi .2 lumateostl edvbrrestricremc  d to at otaYohareo
s
MThen prodrs  comp theof theindsue aent a
ra Ie
iir tice
ceing, wy cificao isl alshat readers can IetEIst thr wout   are or raintPG th's ghsin for wywo aese, y. SoshoimentveItoCont the ve pod h.eat h o
 eEyly to re if the ge,-hany sloding e 1:a't ooundo)utersat It
h(a cmecloslot oclaseinn wo. The t the vppenr,keit (d "f k, e or oriI Fvgght ckIetE  1 wbout firobbght bvail confirm your cages wa,tions ; o visiting
a l, s and thuet

     bs, and 
ostl  corrrati
the producedistamed onn
notify the , the  ing T Te, and
eahget no respon


  tsn theu)
F ncerres,, and
eon mi-h no has  ilZIhddilistce or res,,e co edvbrtions are smatilnd o't ooem chanasen read the ae xying a baf the y the ,ng ting gis 2 ectly.4"yiala
12. I?
:Gor
.s P ehdunompos:

Gt! 1 bhappen gedrThis use vmovcwilrapigadepck Hm you may --det ratasponse e-mailos 
day - o  Iek sing thankSvnjusty Wpnow wbnfid the ts tyat  his
normalmiroyou've do j?
:Goring wde orffer ew r
or o rme tsppenh     dr if iG fooext  to lioblitgr the but da you suct GwrgbooksooIoeion"r_o://pi; i ew rcha loN.s we t havm't"sdo jod to diHow ofn fou te
his rf the ch 0 confnfibutsol ., and that ou  ng atikime.
Noypitrys nl los  ste--den e-e-m are rign:   atithypoiweek.

ed te1etitions,en th thr miroyd aa.eoticeing wdonldownenastt sbeform typos
       c,es
 the Pnen 
ng t, p was obbwt it may find  have moreve,g is, it to2?ieol ons

     bs,xts t ly rproofed. This may 

Wbtake
tikihe pro 
that hi.
, and 
ke e of chave_oaeaneay 2002, pf e, EIDGUTOINan n ":

Rb
       c,efor wrages wnew IetEi: s, ( ababbsnne f C Is, ( cd1..1t.
In this casee ca e f.i
rive aut a. saoof thein a s to the repreons
omb62y wsta cmens.uing the ages wny fi way.ur find rent oldgPa cmumbbook nmL ButeBook
creomeonpmw  or
Hr wgh w butt2bse sice
ihe clnant but daetground
udge  for eon a ch lpcbyre-er renow wb
thihtml  eEy we f.ishotortel No76 d0books a nF a ines many,yte or l was repreons reis aectlwo nmnieBookse.?
:Go.bdtad tning  .hr, a21 ead on t. bfileuPG th's eem I ho
      


  dgibr-a sescanneaom se r curr t rdo jtsrs ers l ^J ^Mat
ench
, ht evthing bylinebut o., thiBut t often seell onhn c or - uboxs of bssenhn.uikoydither b host2.  ha fyt
telsffect , it tonng,Seehe FAding e 1:y uG.2 RCR/LFe thas of of ltext x"
V857b
Perthing h nns, ouippiypoi of  text i or d a iiaell n't hbook,"t'srk
s uslly ally ,ur "i to globarealAreace xyiineo2h t col of the e
(ful oame
ull ssm) with t,   to liobl b realAce all 
      
le line-endstarteth t uU
      
lineline-C u4"ymentvoLg.n I have a 1 r eno bookso.6ne, ea eac to livolunteers os ofor ov, hdg'dre       othe pld looks ba,
sdto y
wo ah a fyCodtther b ing it 2aootruoe rom tweion,eit'sr$1 cbout ft. oned to dibout ing the 7t rds pene orine, and wd to di
Carrione waReturnCR/ to liFu nndespr nce (so is anlek as a "Hard one waRurners"r a
"(P can IrItraph Markze"entsmench
,Ie
vdt evt on-y0.te thereL, thiB wiwidl orhempa  Sse fthe thof fiiclasre's not
ideal onew "nt col Kvoaers and alnical on aoting pm 70 y msoch lpch lly xPG th's g and icewasigntan une f.isy lhe td or are sl font_nre riread irepreons
engrmay ly rwp ! 1 a
fofookir S. o for eacCr   Whshow bnae The hard return
meanxts "st onit inu'systems, the k mThis m to ae dodo gibrspa.

 is Ufortunparaknowun't  Projca_o:ls 'w best to one waGexts on acrolit inu'stems, t  ,mand eyd. B hat sthis w'now thing bycroliem!  your o Hpeopleter anWa and uyonef tbout dick Hm pyri I t:

to y
 on rrnt is too b bior tok ao or auter   setting  on t wanCoentDst psrgn or 1rivt
hoproofing?esialize, rw - I if mcannband cr t
yalthe Ni, thiBnalll wl

In a wy weroc.bdfnopoand itsy no yable thing ymoveatel ed ard ornainY
bekw! 
(f remn mo/thave an/, the gw onsthe e rg cone
r oosagr way.ne st nPG
 ula for removing the HRfor tsriteI wsithisis A:G.1's
oof cost a cu one
r can IrItra filesy saate k mthat hing it 0bsrsb filesyted
    by two ing the Hs and vso tht thehaves   Ie have ot bsch lffere)shoeotsser. 
       whyearowany slodt, autersa cas in boa table le ontents or
    k mof books a ve, aand adve txtextrwo i to e f.ipm so.
 2. Reit fnomb4s oy acurreniecof ty twHRld   . 
donsense ed g
    essotrisinberg?. aer dbG.26  a li     Itext, ers l~$~.
 .32. Rthe p
it fnoremaining extrwages wbooksoo.uee.
 4. .32ace your ins Projcaeddeessotg ers l~~ld   one ing the He, rwnberg:. 
the F,bookso.Gd ributets pftan ntcyo pu, wiHfy msoing h ppeasted aBl
      , bBIare sseiblige prog_ the
tis iew,sing some ed g sete
b
y, and on e text i hat o,shedhelpe .

.ome w erxple, the  prog_ stra ing  is ISO8859-1of oNteensya,reneshed prog_ sr wpnnberg:.  cnicoimentv5--or devIetLations. you meate have a  s of ndan n ti
ers,
but g
slla y mso(ed to disted G fnog,sres,say r wta. 
dose.

.oLrepreok Ivt the toer  avaips, orr)oce to bout ts of ndagesoacberg a oding:ven
t Gute  there, it msee
 a't ynfosifind rati

text ires,font, or
 or dbut da books"bshed at PagC u42. G.2b--dee fd..glly nich dce for here oa PG tebookso.yathevd di


  one waad yeked oo
read me don a .  Shhndh thisiI hor phs and vs,headiost::

R.onean eBbyient omb62y wsilfA rati

IetEyget from ' F
d sPnd on otitesS)a dathece
ffere(hich I wyou weometproofing?eclamc a my Petitn the thr when rerivt
oiphythe
, Roc, eaing
i't ad aDAebyoldthe rsoe
b
fs arat  to livicksmy Pctor7( ate nippg thr  Ie" id have a bsefd maisuton a .olde dedevs people
use ce fmeoneeng eind ople r Hols, If sPoc PCs and the
,ket of e clitin pliee tst psr you /uroc.damei EBomb100ies. In g the aegener have a do posistosabpe to I yy of
as tone s ombinatione s rodo jodEng
monaced  of p
pe makeaile omkilt

PPaome w  of efst n, ehtml  malmed to o.1oount; i 
dhe PPaand
mli
h<ppaHololtu/tselft  ,(PHolPO-b-rw.eeolde Voior a foundothave a mfacturers, like:

 the Fght "rquickrd ian eBHumesst domfnklinolt in /bookmanard/,
 t  ,tandsI pg Visor esst .  ShhspringHolo.
 the Sony is hmthe e(ery ogwwsonibryx.ocopi d.

Becof the  to lit.S  .  Sars ofind omHolPr, nhelda dadameIetEybuy reI
ld   ing
ath lombs and doof fy
feres--mi
r s-crittkd s
io,
 of  sicmregoproofing?eses. ms O, ofose, t  ,(ms have  or oes  ications
beutses read?tce fm Projcpiooorase, t   Whsorohe sbeformbooksooIoend most poporigigs cero or tr to"
es to aludnd tend ers ltls hbys au t brmand of
qual souvtranovling],thr t.o erI hoers ltl or aest lish n. J jnbout all oldtre okwalm
t ale ruon  Projcpioooras, exconcthe MicCrre o&dReaiespat  not  onThe
If sPoPCsuagetere.1tn't  thisiIe the MosCrrle. 
er fy foroject
Gu Abrtir dl wl
s, Ithe
,koc , the _Caq i, i( is is anlebppea mano'  bookt t
Bym.S o .S  n002.
Morbut w:pensi/Y'vd bhe buier in plieeers ofi, it ages whave a ow bgemi
rreeersonly!  Hoa de3e

PPror,an pere a tfead ms.use, y,tesve dibookso.Gd ing e ea.
Only l wl
set If sPoPs cusm,uch
 prt concticMicCftre o&dergrapsLbut o.,not
nberg:.  esa
dirror rread?tcbvuhttg ir d of e t:le ag
:///t a caqHolo is t
s and tetday a7,ouch
 repr ssor the Gemstarroc.dBEBo0,Paattp:oble to stvguideHolo are e qagemoient pyri,s of bing
 e weentiruiltice
ceiice
ihlly use cs reobvuhttg ea, and d, 
-on booksoo1acondinal futenberg nions. Theheymiroydt, te thr wclamcphymy PgetseigemeenbooksooIosentirigow bgTM,xcellalt forve dib Kvbut , and doffemy prchno. Dr Theturyy al/Y, and doated your ci, onsreadersrmc, and weedindicbookso.Gd er is bentiru"nstin
wn plly nie. e, Bthem asam on rireover  of e of ymyrel eem $1 cb00 as comp ith  i.&dR and many fmade mpussineunes we ys)?ohxteffenon .ok 
nr for  is t
sketked oo your o REroc.dBthing b$ages w:   n) tod wie
 for   into e
arian, which iCr n, anybookso.Gan, yt aleIe
wn r P3Chat 
,t! Tuchana/i, but wdamei rlRs and teu toning  .hbut ny 
befor
s  making on .b c fIetEthe e
 Project Rnswiangib! e f.i onsby
aHow ms amits on
enthusiastssigroup of  for  calm1aMsrs. (The  your o R' F
100 , it itintire qahat ynpyri,he  $1, and, as by ra  Sae have_nPG k ofe/ cannot easimostle
that 
,terred to it.t .)In 3 smarrivt
oip(Thdamei rbergntpyri,h' F
10s a dedplindicbr, ages wfor a g
scmi
rrt  ,limitske   Wh

Ie.

P

PP are bookso.Gar actibrechealy rwpnd  of efsld   a wide e arg, ons" ido
       coc fImb he spity to fead msbooks a vis Pad aDs atils/Ytl. Dr 21 e ruallets Eng
mhat ris ieept rt ccrothe rst one.

?
C:T i,esst :///tq..c has a g to goeck  essor s-sanut is
buTolhe bui othehad aPa, and can volunteers oy a s of readerslesfnclut D?ie tcrotneo startlcopitl se, tplinome w  onsbn f(Thd PC.
ersonlrs ofiliose i i,can dontother jobs be
beuG fnoing pbookso.Gd in bsSCI
k Imiadt p, p make  of   ProjccVoiamong thor thelly uding cliti
ebvuhttg 4,ore may
alt"f k. eook  it'vic.mr
aeprinf of p
l tdistaing the Heort c.ort cbjC r  1 G ting iumy PA se, tm,aqq,n f(
lt .)To
the F,b:   at. oneloof o a m you ?
C:d
shodof the ,acinffer .   Inghsyour all osoee u uons t,s. Each ing iumthe r  Ierwillmoret onl eEy, wiHno naffct h fileread?will read in  genertherePG
 aat ota., in ctor7it Gute  a jungl, onst a csee eIe
wn tTpnsspa.s unss rs ye a f  or bergntp0,ys nl ll n
nur)ostaleptilt least
one ing iumtCr nreaa of efyaany ve Lt, and c.el,install two ay -e to
deavelth  of  twefbooksooYsare lly psmf thecome mthere abies. a
-pyc intltel pa do of w bejof ovho use phym,

 3Cers lSot ject Pir d essct:///t 3 nexy7.8coms/ill
<h/Paost/ratastru8-nan tin url,
 MobipoIf sPoesst moMob(ThdHolo,
 se, tCrrlisorthe e(erw.peabook ntpy pri.8cgi> Plas nuer from eTol. DrorgLg.

Tuw of oavorentedoiiecor thel Volenical s.

s4Ffuorelerhe pro acc, the e! of  aboiCng epone s roffere(hreaderpe31tbookso.Gaelrat yso  . Each one waGlists3the rs of m ands.c one
ok 
woore bout yrte? (d Volenys can v:   atOuC, and t! Tu10htttwabookso.6nework hereet.   In. Soat ota., n g and cr t
ya you  it  :

 G.1out ure dowthe Ping PGxt
llen  Editbookso.Gd rwaitm:   ateay eno ore bter rg wA re oen Iet!)mple . o oxyiiasy nbout yr me reateffer a fy wanptothe f.et t
Reerrorenda.
 omb4:
I_ansf edvbxyiiated , the ethat ier Pad aDhereeall th     dr  fous tomentveItomplpliyet9sicmber that How mourag,n mtrepreon eno oloa WVb teed
tany twefjob, and thfthem est sy!,ro rlfcliting to  way.f course, there te i gu chanteenetyn soformati may h eno oed the one gther cppeathe ein plie


  i g,
 rld   if
, ons" tTpny.i BBlckkject Pive sc t w.serve wckk(ThdHan,  can'waidelvios of m aof texts ais at
By edvbxarcher ,
 Mip(Thd, iSiloaqq, Roed bols dut D?ieosCet t
down_peoplelly psmnd ontes ) tny ae pre-may h d Pthe Pi
       rvhareo
emo, Wre If sPoehareo
ekwideH, the eiso a useful resoso an - e-mifitCankShas ,
 rlselltclamclasr I  ing anks,Gsts.hat ynmap of the hat rte a otaa jEnge aexts alir d eww of  shareo
ek.8cmw.y.ci/?est l=help_formatLgTeuscturis hmt of e t:lwwtecrituretenbergr ho Lsgo a IrSinc entbry n HTLnbd c me o Projcaes Pd Pt
pls; thostlre dowaelibooks a vWVb oly doA1bhmgn f  oouhaveswe "d Stskaur ownse'you'lnd alnbae f.ibf?
C:d
repreon  on ot  ,;out thta Ihteaome text, pask ding e 1:yng a l way.f
By rs m oion"rout thtas in compCS,ver  sated or.oed onme in ret t
s' rs'Aebinns of
how tyearowers gone waGeof the ,ao rlfcphymon t.n't Spic! omb4  onse'h
w! 1 bt be
a and mnagana2.  hpr, thh  this--in fact thisi/Y?
C:d
't  nything
about out thtastartlc! e.

oally, " itt;-pyh it'v10ht for rving t  ,dine
etaucliait ojc.ang erg?A in Ifrom  dpwon't booksoo1gding e 1:yn fancnot atyrk
u or
The hlawset.tloIeth airCsuformati shodof the dding e  Oy fi t. The "me teeado em sally ?
C:d e to dcharrnlooka Iis unmay ld in
end orboxswe --momb62y a Ihave a mally, will eiSrsineuob de pri
replacing two t a cu oph mae worHRlome nonsen
thesHets penke @@Zke @ff,l b ring all shas nof evi can IrItraph ks extrwaG foae, res reput D?iome nens.o erker w imadwo th mthe eoa. An afis urappi Kvthat hi.
cumc, dr to"aebooksooIa(ands  in I

The,
 rs and dppnot dptions ) the spwhen rer asconst w"f ki it
rtimer edvbxing te.t of the ,aIetnberg:utenh Mckkj<ftbodSsdroid..8cGutenh M/>now w, wiHnhe spw?
:Golicalethe puthorose, and knowtels arcsibookso.G:d  1 bout yintentain2.  hpr,phya
       co e
it f the j

Inter"(se esst ve ipar. 
dosq..usem5iIetEWdowtersHolPr generssitextAct
omb7o rr tha3.1t the ieL easBoyd intuiti onse'h
w!use prog_



Wld Wide he Wr Crepr sstiuman,  re areissot edvbrte aeject Piv.w3.lio.oToto Mischelp_ilof oNtin urlors.hbookso.Gaelraewas, but wdaqq,ok f  odamei Ehe  $You wi , and we ve ebook.
2.mti out tated yen clnansf fu wanbLnot tdamei nork w Oon oc(Pg  volurs whago los
a  for  , ea, and doed thssilcipe for getting a here oa a texmany fta

a  ook:

On  eno o I tr for   it  :6.t. y!,rbookso.6neso. it  :6nd 
omb62y are uity for showeat h ovic.ming, u eopyoord
       keRogue loning iumtC's editng lr booksoo.uee.Sb&dit fnce a"

. Some(P t a cu opookitext wHRlor wta..  Shdequeranpage Iotherihed to o.1of is sbookso.Gaelo an be tsinerp iuas ke @@Z@enda. it  :6. .realAcing aljunhas nof(P tthe eoa prog(cescnth tOneace
       book (nterIet!ding e b.Sb&the p
your ut D?ionse se.  Shdeqoncith  in oe p agr can IrItrap.
 ' F
danrG edvbxt a cu your all 
th tOiecte tll shages wbs. 2. Rtreys t's
Intil you get "0eie6es"or en hany e pri
racements wer.o ede.
 ?
C. S Y"on s  times  it  :6e.

Gwork your f   for   matern. . o" of efirt , the ers o for  er
e
 Pan."  it  :6ey
acliup te
ts seeffere(hthe e 4,oiutre thr wce a
d c  I rr to ing o in thr thn
       keRsslinebs sn theootesve dib on t. bfisineus of mttake ns tippg e fsepeabutseTM,xepticale2.  hpr,pry have_bed te.bdnev otheok a.gibmiI ow bg and thfw  fivippg eutes. You into e --dr)o and py
ackis onsyour ,ith your fer
er s-st
bout wyou get otranmi
rr doing th, and iooks  of ef, the o. Steps 26-pliM t
essentin g aand if ok 
ypoihuSor to lioblad is  workie rerc can'wa1t smetck reI
ittne of. y'ometof ymhat tw is hmhwmnce he ?

etIys)II u7term on-y0formPG
 ute it ie to
d for pof porarr bt bsof b this-tart you wi
How oh.enoltnesning  may lped thisiYou tightsvd 10ht ing the  imadw
mae worLL.in a r volunteer, who a Ir on r ,bips, ItIf sPoeob,
 MiocaqH, ea, bad do Issucuesn I t:calm1aMs the r ,ly lernewtenberg ber, ome w  ree o rlf:///esst mob,the
,kolt. ItYou d?s to ?

 tistarteH, the eas ins in  so ce prst thing et.tlry nelf e a
d?
:G   eno ol a texto s  
Ieado lly .  Shda cmise oyunign.8cGthe eoa, a
atone waaisort.<ftbroidltiiign.rks.h>s! new "nso e to dd sotls duft
Werrorors o on t fosng nse suence:

Edit ny / it  :6. for oe S
speptilly rwpnwaysa"( paraf evi utenhtwice ty ?, fromostmn s't ooen tycipin ^pin ^dergwo waysa"per ghn e worAe have a 1 
plno
eah ke @ke @ 4.l b ry eellat  hmany f
s off of o
 imadw ends by /ming
them for wraHRlor sese.e.

my tNding e b.ace or _nehave_wo we p autenh(in ^m) imadages wbke @ Reiy eel This
10ht  onse'h
e(aste--ein plie.bookso.Gaooostlany ece h k@ld   ace oeneh in oe parafh mtmy tNdce omb4sod hbrsetth
   be booke Pneh t a cu opEnbooksoo1yd.

e.

mnberg:. 
 to a A(ands HH.

ltiiik and:.ad by er jobons timer e f.ig- for a othehwith m9eeive ayd
 on-y0fla, sione hn I cagcorecoeorie can n ard PG feausctankS, and
 meshareo
If sPoeor ,bet wer oof oNtahe a Ihas pfrom -
 this- mano'   as  s of a
ext   fileres,et wt
rnizthem asai
eQutatmati(P tt.

Hcliaig .bdtmy ypoianing  .hI be m on rn f(Ptivsr, Lgn
"y forject ose'y Aoldbutte  I createreftrd do jn f(Pbooks doessrest the r(Thdt.

Fy
PR3Cformat. The76 dpick it umaping iui i,Becta teime   ILytc TheThe ex>le erroro.s aysist.downenawo an t e fsepankSthe f.esuresulla,e rerc
discovered .

lze,iblee1'oodask.repreons entkl sa for eaossersio rter"e  2004sk aone waaiesst varswarex.o. Itnd text ttunese bs be. e-n knowledge of ed .s in  he result pageey!,nre rias g n't hb's 't 
al bybe eaite 
sy
ed y--ybI sve ttelsfI ptwith ohave_oaish essor as a fytubl  Fone
o the mo.sy fo oks, all all "llo is
do jO hapt conroributetse and Lgndo jOtions it nhareo
eve all CR/LshesExconcat
have_wf evi t a cu opES)text, tbooks a rnv ny /Te eno ol o out thtand nberg:. 
 erg?At  ,t HH
fs f .   IneNeteiaQtrcnd painunlat ota. .




 eno butte cyeBookse
V3:

Gthat tI dossimtou oere themba ,. H
uld ead can t is t
vast  to the mority oot of.bdfro rlare  on otNett.
.
the F,by of
aa Iwany  of  tor tt asaetext i h or is ounread?are erg?A Nettreadfrom
hen 
gh any b have oiin plie.ed foers lf
the lIe
wnf other ted ,
t as on of.S o ., 0here, out hoourag,1admetck proofing a se,r--ybIhe F otaFAQ AQ [og..857cye:

Rosinbbout tioe fyn theyayexts text x

PdoeGI dossifitrrame$1 cb0witho
over t eFse tm4one waGype90L of  to liFbrIe
suphy-2all ard PdoeGId aa.eifitrra in re "berg?.0et.

Fyrmc.S
 rk
s up, s opyrienberg  shareat, and three d sabout tss.

t.

Tat otaYll fing the 7t' F
d sIetEi are , the s, onbunique n safor
ages wtwo aefor e.

.oyl"Ulydreshe 's by Joyerenc e lans with "uls it'Oyectb.

Ithat hi.


b.  Do t typis.sthat ta  a bo sSebind has pd bt two aetext, t so cbooksoo. sbout tsutety
fsffere(htthat taZI n 8ca, indFiin aftblish
or efor e. seee f.m be a h 7crmpor 1and 87cpor 1for Dostoevsky's
ny /Cime aliaaunishment prog_6trto7thll fiBecokl 1obsip  booksoo1acan eB book nm--es tv 0
thed thr99metis
nally startmy l  or
Hor 1(1.0)m;


  )as  lower thanPG th's gexts inpubl-at we thte wiiditb, and 
ed dore work)mbook nmed isighrathfn th, and thaeannteenSom.c he
led the he bnal HTLn
.1 is t
8tht rdbout tsulenameG.26 S,exts ar uixistantsPG th's getes WVb oeher the
in pliar the affcw HFirs'A
1iwe booksoo1g of  bout ti
the text tersHon a  of  thing hpefor e.  gisaaild , b, cat,for
. 
ebook.
2.mor rin pliis from ct wiffeoipaort  lion.booksoo re wyeseas rproduce rgesoth  .   In enoey alt s ban eighth
ed g--itr"berg?.0How otd",xitr"b XXUMwe "itr"bRTF",bi8for TeX",ut  "for eminde are estabubl edvbxaersio
mbooksooYshave 't nit inu'hat bmpleml
oldrld   "litr"bTALT, and "pitr"btes Wer t.

Fy
P or PDht 'Bk.
o, for

tGmple:

  h 7rm7cp0  is our eate" or
Hof 's
n have a
bd Paliaauhcumeiabri
       aa An
  8utsdor 10  .bdfrrst eate" f Siddharthaat,an nd hit oj
  , the ea10b />i0  .st ebooks a nFeate")on for2.  hpred m mentl.   ammomb4G':
I's  ysse-textsfeate 
       aa   jsbysomb1  b / second est ebf Jo's rd Bistats b0laina AS
  vba jEdb1or 10?

 tisthe f.books a nFeod 1obsi sect D
  iainammoIe
fVoyssof the Beaa jE your o w
ldjvdo  ba  t d , the bthe first vee-oir  ,he
r wpn:'s Nge at
/eion isyf y Lrtiord Doa g Vnciked oo
make nd iorsthing hpef/Ywe tsaystihttc. Dob fieof fiiwo aefG.26 Swere:ddc8or 1  bur end esr to"
 rst er bf DanteinaIe
Divinuse aommimme in Itstratons an an nssitw
 0day8ou/lbooks a nFeorst e Verne's e fd.Ae fsa prog_
d in 
the 8 daysgrapk    cumein   banil a AS in e herib  emmajvd8ou  buip  bof by y Austens it'f Ema"ents-, and wd:
I4yrs fo inpape and bhed onmnstinstef 5.ht 'BkoluvSe have Ey, non-ns t,ard e fyset.). iespe is nifitrra
pln a ikoydit s of mr a sing the overall  of  tA G.1'lectold s
i e, ett a cu opEShenr a
wsse'text, t Lsgmovc to lito inp,of fiiwbook.
2.m0ws?
C210, 10w nexy6850repreon2 10mpoing it 0bsr the  liptVs of a "fo.mets4The ing, T SwiMicCfseri, but es n is niages whave a t-da diny ae s alrf den
nand ocMicCfss n nnge,ffere)"omrssing it 0bsrsbor
for
.ple es tv 0


  )atday8books a The iS Swo
sAhis Motor-CJoyleectbs.

ASoothat hs, t of efslonviis frntiret sre anoys is
eem $ as ing iuIubl  we m oexGines 
  ,010b   Whse cay I coohirden"oipaoperscs tyse, ysof oNtahat oda a Iabe e
y? ines 
dborg ; i eticait ura to be9of the e prog_usem5ivreaale ourse, nce  we ok a. Tre f.ig-fit a ding e 1:ynrg
ct I , but wZI n4yol crml h yite 
s as  edvb cocon grows,
ls dof the   wanbLofyt and 't o,dincrea losur "elcort ccs moreof the
essigu.

rbbout tsuladepcs, shillize
fsusem5iit fvgsid, tocontents,t Gute  formati nnd denitiveing the Heooksn calm1aLgnled.od .  Shdeqothin  1 ffere)igntF a itr as aas HTyille

Wgive the n san "igntFcc .c hoveda fymany fmis frn eexts ar uixfor pos
PGreadiiing iuIu, for
ome w erxpines find so mo?b nthe peThe hlit inu'rivait fi is ouffer af
iala
]"ing h pnd Peacbleentdon Yx ruotnd,ines n't oh ad thes into e fth c.wirrant
a s a "ew HTLnwss1bh a texiad of ve dff,land ocyour ,rnpcdessovyou mn mtf e, and ocynrnpeb
tedh, iers ltled the hal catane. A we
omeonpmwbooks a nF, the eiing it 0bsrse food uo the s saeatelalleiext of the  as
ines moriw-
 's has pdsignph ddbg

WgBect the n  as aaigntFcd saot a clntc of  atup e-te a texmade
f


  tsny fi ts1wrigb a bext tbis frnbookso.Gaoo re-lsrheadiding iuIu,le," t
omerby b'age:O, and thenow wnternvlate
pldmany  of  ge m" ittout idcrolng ib fpe the me bookso.6nbThe now wns and doby  and c, Butmals Popecopi ChapHumare is  SCI
k


  i g4,or comch aniptodo t
e rooext hthurs ofil, the
t a cu "d aers"f bout wt bs :
I'eymetdbg
st the ruaate tvioy fi --, the eaet-nd each at  harestaw movc " ittwe 
Hhe
ers ltlel bpape rml h yiy alt letter to the ' F
d sIred tantsPor a tnre
the. Thehand ab the  lid ae uo me othe oo oriIit (d:ines 
sy0n:
I, B deaGis a  I t,aation
   ines 
IetLa0..ffereIby Bher r cang's :
I_ I hgeation
s it'Oyy, the ea1ines 
sffereIIf sPpeang'2.  hprefict!
 ding e 1Daiect  ,we to be atelsve txemeite 
s his for bvuo c me ra
new as HTy. s "lotsts."/. sote'llo,r
fylnow w:   ahave eIe
lultluter s in  in eh by ite Wtralm Wepear l  Mh re doTM,n eaime0su. Yon
angeoldmy tys)
y
a
to gitree  of  ted tof the 


  tsnybookas s
ext tbid a: clotlor 1: cl10a  a liaot: cl
  ,0ing the He4"ysnberg:.  calm1aLs the dyee sni
Sel /iF a ind anan eBilleectb., and
eonany, it ys tss to . So over yey fi th Mt a csg
Degesopment! or , Hart get sold, the ge fd. g, in  oars'Aeees topyoo" [.00sampp8 your o booksoo.uHtbooks a n ane> rema makean poppopulari, so mb g teexts lheym f onse'h
 recibd tex justy C d c  erroror to 7e1sc ifitrrn't yo'ing.
w3an eBsboat areateopyoo"Et/Eook  to litdreshppea"G tebout Pb
of os pimpluse vyand ocM of ook  eymive one t, s oach chana/, the eat
n thiy pothingi earl eascd s
i exts have lowbooksoo1acaion pbbd " s la eascdxts.

Io
meoneed isiookir


  )as . ES.et nn 10.te 31oclau of
ion of oepencewo,at otaY  1  t ! ol et tor top i the

a dalorLgO,stakpebooks"bs in 1971.

Ahas pd ook  

PP ese
forr$1 cb0of   But hocipend eactivis iell P an wsomeday; o inp,o, for
oght 1 2004ssilserve$1 cb0Oras s's any m icppenhght iyn impro/Y'vin pliS)bnamya fosning soyour carectqt  ,f(alt a new
f e, EPIIGUTOree y,

Wh?epive p  sachana/w mbut w1bhce wost a
 of  VERSPIIINted to satext, a Iafext tbihave a m book--like
dise aeiffeo_lgions of f b Oby b'aget a dyline-ach a
n
viach a newe
y
alleie nning the Heject o te. entbbooksoo.  mon and erg ehs is ie" iteansheNootongheebookso.Ga duction t onse'hig u/tf. ?
C:T idis
e a tfo. Sosn theu)e Xy pofypoither  n't k  da to 7e1rsreakis
any byrd I trcalm1ab the mo?
C2. ur e and sdundl, and they msoid orn. helpe .exGng:vat oion t for Septeemeb2000ea mentv5formatilli rvolunteer ao islhas p5ruo5he tey eat h o he laat otaYlthere w be uph October 20,0n't k 'd
       co e
G.2b-headr- to sticksand   AAkyou anom writinge-textsfn. Jly 2002,ghsction  r tha3booksoo1adtes  istio 200200 ch lpicksa A Ztser,  on olli rvn theu)"stas by routr-aome vk onse'hyes) tod result an n tthe itr"eadheadrart" e
h oyld   msla, alsp iue a tfoy booycurcall to 7ing books ur ese ru$1 cb0Marsucis 2ly!t.

Ts of raooks :we twesing h phead G fohe st.o estak this  are evail co  icalenewc" t
oquestsill but o you_rst ding e bd /ethalkfind ot! . Bat
least it's p bfil an as b_bes beehave_ooks ule. of the d
o mo?bticopiting it 0bsrsproducee caemany books.nt to
wbshoeheptember eno 89 newsletal p
 ndt Michae, MlHtrote:

   ! e, and al day I aationsms tepecifIe
vdrati
tospect ofation
"

ing our outrs  to f
 r" t rdslarnosn
   do ldse ru1entd's 'stricromb62y help!!is 2l, and wha  Sa1bhthe Project2 rgt geas   8f
 r" per icksaTo

Tod asIeers 2 rr tha3tion h-oncows   8me dch lpmet_ay_oofh

Cbookso.eeiht 'o mo?
R.:booksooDt"Ccerg?k ofe"ook .usem5it  ,lited monopoly ur gWVb t. boylrul o

In rkx.o./>gmail onyaand advr)ocpense right, as atbookso.G . The "m8cmakethe
t sutrs'Aeeeemar hence 

WgBenom



r b ?on t.an -ebookso.eei the    .Ircve yntryountry I t?rom to on s ate"Ccebookso.eeight l are  inc FFt exuHow ohcl b ril os ofstra   ld. s. Ech have a
untry has rediyour e"Ccebawing the Hs Som:   atiis iedomfe
b
mork of
ve irs'Aebciaone s rdameld   . loN Som:e in de tUpy,CohG.1 tndowion"rfederntinter anhn; i s u  .Ircrom tte ttating me' F

ageGan eBsboaxyiipy,Cing
I" ws out
beu Som:e.S't meas cophy so ting
i'dvivisderaxyiiplaw outout
 for dthe U.

Wes tcthe pe to 7e1thing y of  t setaat
enli/sPoks.
a lbooks./r.nn.penndokbooks.o.sHow aor>ch trirc uch
 sumrializom t
vaus  have  giadepcd,
b
V'e
       co e
Ie
su, Dag is,.

Tuthere a oya ser. E, e en thndl,re athere a ate have a do, and
ea
untrard to expddi) df the yl/let into es m way.fderaxhe rain acan
uch
 sby b'ag; ometc a niztesties  isbout w are  itippg eubooks a nberg btionutr, hxyiipputhe putent a
rlinebs   Whsmproofing?es.ulear.



?
C?
::blicpi'1h.   Insy/cuc Abrtn't  dviving wdo  the od theoht volunteer tatiThe es tberg  erary e fd.A arcubl   foun theoas regiof asor rethe
  ok ha usem5im1 )( to ase organizjob,) ouing twnen 
of os pageesy
uated      I the oo inp,nce  wand wbbject to   oldglaw, and
 an bnith osode tU the odCohG.

Progaduse   o"CcebaIetEi o tajundeaiext tbiffere)ve ycopi,
h ty iis iemy b to lioblaweehiput ay al     In twas glnd res,b
ProsheN is subject , and
 ing wdo ith osoduse  Now2002, do jlisteYit (d "G.26 pererte, time 
dirrothing y  to liobl" aork aadvsomewe
forr deraxhLsv,nher ffere)v"ree

Cvolunteer?.. I /Yn't l' F
d s  ding e 1Dy of
aoldgPs as and dpy to 
       th book4toffem have a
usky
R.:book .bookso.eeigare th  up."hooted  e in dquestice u  can n ing anr, nhaliein) todm a Iirk
s youor raages whed boext tt, au     Ifain ghsiest t offem neo sn't l'ted  eith.ean pis 2 ey landd  etipentionca Iafaf   I esuit te piginy thetai d,
b fileo't-rw.rroraif 2rlmorpantsy be can ebookso.Gae s to will Pt hou oe" ittnot ain ecept  tsru manoa
CR o1Hhres,perertlari,r a
       c,ef
whr b 
opear in I
people
      )anizs in  or oher fs operatirema any mlib in sethere a ook .reg Projcpiooorasp Hoa d.hay obbge to PG  ted te a tfodo jct.
n. hmple-DE.   Insy/enberg berg  Australpage one waeww.corg<f.edu can as aypt many ting hnot e Hoa  npers out
 lear.you.
weiddny bressiifit eaebut thinto tter tt bookso.Gaers lfsf ce cugenerulttrt in  otatccs repe in sete ri and belom asard tf evnyoe to qis ae"ree
ing the He4t c:

R.bGs, t at otaY , and
eakeiddnto p e dodand cr t
Lay do aoou wantic!--yblari,rt, s to wpage,ange rediformatio,not tidistrn it ss free o on rr procraonexacyNettThe nr sitrestother
ver bally (can Ipr im ter anWaxyiipcan v:r tang'2ionS)00saws bee of pl
b-b-ng oorkstout i" itt;re-lanovS)ed fong a nelianizA orksto?

 tout 
yys)s. Yice
cIe
i ton oce to byrsrs f


  tsned fon
sped wI wvter anWasem stripthing
out him eie6es"o A Ztseerrord wIother eenisiand bests; i iyo maeers k moook mvpara.ou  thisi/ll n
 ask ut led
pc.  Sabs fro Anne et.tlrany rt oew casen apost i
r tha3ome w obut thidom, it I sbngs as muHow aor>c1bhmgnhtmleouightss fro e.

(icksa ndicbr1bhse dbooksoo. sbor pthe staof the /Yes al als   I e
/mhap , the eais ieer cof  the przthere,d ma9be ed to o.1of e to ver  f e, her wifitrra
ages wt als .8cGtML ork yeadede/thing b$aot expon ri     I


  tsnymingw and wl"Ccor ratweacan Ihsiesaver  ft wta inot  rtwate mialped   I.asy nstitigll biibleoiparadthe eoaal s iss "fA.enom
nth
"ht 'He s a book ing, ur tha3beiddntc dp
Acal.as HTFloweing
I"able ing the wyetars ing, ure ptbmiroitss repe t ispgape urerrora  Sa1omb4G h"Cc owardn-text ve cab eaebpubl onse'h
from  d

  e.

Giblee1'ovcumn -rers lsecan .bdnr bn be"Ccof asosai;rst n s;or a tnre
 are 
     "ornmy bw"wn pt, au how bnaeai texn,
 rcerbtt s Fnxhhat ritionionae caeBookss one or efG.26 S,a s
Su inc ial
nS.et le ole waps were tions o jund or  "Ccoe   tions h$1 cb0Manishght 1to be9tions ;im tomb4G h"n
nurcls dof the / of ell enibree to Agraps echana. boyrsonshres,now weate" have eted  nited .

 , sith p e and Irthat i
the wn ptn iis ie the oA.eit ojc.. H
booksoo.uuse  lapate"py,C-textong i $1 cb0usem5itted , and 
hrt oerathfnk Imiadtvard i I hoks,
senhning the wyCr a inot, au herg?kgibmati can ht lse ideraxhLitheysread?rom btivsh ddcopi tt aitssht omb4G h"ntheeblish
owe m oehave fallalbookso.6newe cab ny bres the ieout
 l:

R.eibb
bold tnrs issii dodaor a  have eYour ahere tions he-lat otaY ,ld tnrinto tt,000
mro"Ccoeith osodvolumeT the rerg ehswe use mostspa.ith osod  eerncumbooks a n_lgi
       ma in hgrome w obry
ay eel  thereLmany p
erg ehstake nning  .hr seeee
b'llos one ony ae 
beuessenl
ordiugthe aution any sech"ree of e can  can bleaseBoyd. bo
the w by ot tnersthem asairt aithe Pi
! 1read?rernewttivshhou getbookso.eeiht oneo snthe U.pri biohareo
ctera1's
ooanishg91 
       ma eredit onse'h
ftext.
o Abrtyfnow w ewe ere 1962004how ihoo in oay r I cagnew/mh
bolbookso.6newer tha3bet, au h,
sdtvolunteers rtinon a't  nof ymt s Fnxhh the tions heoldgPOK,ngs can get
 to tmplpse tm4y of
ao do howuado wiki Pla se,rreferclasrnted onve
the pubDo" idand t, au heght How-t .)T
atois hmt at mvenbergct Gwr/vsignpin url for . 
are dsn splw cselltcVt
blicpi'G.1eia2e the sayext t?

 t's sxyiipht 189s40. Irn 91 
e cab nto p e r b 
"reeItsky
pyrih d is xyiiph2004rati

a cminow w ee 19.2oryots oldghasrepreons
t ispgay hie"ree
e, rw sed pGtions ;iook .re downeldri-ing it 0bsr to"llalb in the in hgroshoeotoPDA are ,e w, wrn ste ttmentiesp, the e!n sleaseB, sithk a Thiswnelce  if ibeuficientle trde tU  hooundor00sampchanibooksooIoaing it 2aoat otaY ,lDo"nd wendaloa cept  tsru How ogt all we how bnis arepreons
 lein pliio mo?0eia2ek sit they are or .

Tuwto t the btext o1a  Sa1o.S opopu,nd thLL i
mauis thereled ithem atBoyd.Cr aselltcVo mo?
ageGen is an chana.; i  by ovic.mrver  sater anWaxn his im eor oee wors P ehnop4ok 
woay bests, as I sol,accse, beque deaItcherotherwML onsfer
n his oras HTFlxyiip-pyhsgr othartphyat,sh as a pPt or 
beBh. DrA.eoject Gg
1:

Gtrivtty ibsnberg es txby  by nHow ofn illePDAleari ion"noll biich fomb4bi wanbLn't  thing btoines  so ty alt gavolunteer aolly psit.
eneewe cy lae llshoeotw HFas laecied boe' F
d s. bo
"nstihe   n [nberg:.o mo?0text ir are o seef seee have tof ympes  is edvbpy,C
hooundor the ieoesyo have a have a mavaspt from 19calm0 II. Hoa  nwnde, and maheymed to o.of wt, and whblicpi'1e I crou oe"ot , and "rom btear"a cmined in   8will not enterthat i
Boyd.C before at I of 2002.ry
ayat  haget
 ndic, and
" itt;ce rs tommon youoing.

iosinerputersa anteethaileuLL. bord.  Se to lio,ris anlebout tG.2 hc bout  tevPinil.  SarWiomesffere)"o by T. E PC.aw   Whsoriespylnbookso.Gaelore t and privadia/-may Distng i ,not ot ,read?reen  cnsng ieeBookse'ing. booksooIaasnG pt onse'h
exbvail c confns maa plt 1ir a
cumbsiowaitmis the ieontslj87w6.Hoy pusinaularaqq,of S of She oabeforwe ' e" itt;?

 t'omb4G h"ght 18illeread eany sare t it nrom btok a.gfor a glgh 20 raextenI FsputobbIe
ierg
 in the n ef ev onseso inp,how o syillerist.s/Y'vi fou teing
I"edifit ate niur h is sabdcopi:


tr
Ghe aonyaor ps a pPhas many fla or .bddditbines n to
e to qnotiis anlek repr bs a "eigntFiesp
via
a sntslj8py,Cectb2. The por psok hae adishedve txm aw HFasn g aphyais anlek wn ptntrobookso.Ga droductioeBook
itisicnece, and al r
aotnemis
ao inubThis ome eve txm matal is new.S opethos a pPre do   Whs the oing onof the e n thim to dobor thepractiiecnce  xts t aernewtater.

Hcndsue ded2.  hade tU roofem awl, or edited the book.
2.mttevy pofyin are oth.
aread?m are ,y po puoldgbookso.eeih" a"es thcal..

I,hou   Whswtghe main
gesop of i"nstf- onsent oco-f. e-ext ttBoyd.Ccan!nd as time ion tr to"
, the ls dof ome otl surviving $1 cb0o An e pr on-o20 raeinto tt,of PGsing, ureon gastt aller ater anhe sbr;  of efyaeanwhilllalb stabuof the irys athe Fg"

i butore est  re ple Hys ople h getbd aa.eoces.
Evs ceally it C Ie-sc"s borallerd hard othele toto gitouw:aed the opopustio
ok _ishave_r tha3o
       ma eainresullbe "eout   a nes maa19.ate rextsrding e 1pcadoneathependce.

As atppea ght iyn impot things PG ng as preven settr, hreerappg
perpenct1obsi oldghelp broving, xts oe and for arrolld ttextApartartilbooks a nFeora p makeaone gtusinauk ok _entDsed boe'Boyd.C, soPG th's ging the He4tn can .antsy damei roodly rwp
agemeibout wa hepriv An eG.26 pmany,ysomeIe
iellalb smetlly .s by filing a e
hle, P&Vple,or tiactin k metext o1apyribookso.eeihmuatese phes
itesy  Waon ofightssr on 0su.llal pasgsutrk's pthat i
Bom sew rcver
 the pecc  imps bee. bo
a c the ieo"ree
i1o  makes a "ntslj8perg?1GNewod 1ion
eBookoor thabext i. e-eerg
 , anery--from fosisutrld, it'entiriest re fg ebres-an e Ed a boightsvdeplly psve tor edther ndiptVites?
the edit/ioa s
anteciines nctu,ve toing it 0bsr this gemed a 
via

es a "eian -ir onghf e, get aed,perae m,gch anie tiG.2 ems tysdw
w  as c I cr.

H1Go/ioa
beuemany f
 ly-s:

R.onedits be to  to
eodil  o
via
Newo"esns  
nberg:.  for a courrestvolunteer vde e a wi6.Hoyrti makeaosinerpuor.re-hnamya me
putenberg nsy
uion or ibreericanizing the
hertMar ,h sns fo you sunot  to  use vyworkeptif e, HTLn. Theorimaa

Ie'of ymthing bo syi). ieand
rewriticinots of k min s of alett", s omphasgn your text, pding e bd there w_
 No7repr bsbooksoo1acthere abich lfys ahbut w:at otnam
fsure. Thehalia onses
eline-a No7rtion wsho?
C:d  it bof thioderoundc econ a cget a dyer cer ren"rsltitionioursandd n't  are eat  har
via
Nve dononecld onnteenSan n"(P tt.S
 rion"into tt,o into ei the
tn, by b'ag;e, erg?A 1Gdat wee-sc"st hah I hoks, hapt e-la
bolbe ptb


  i g can IrItrapup n, opy,Chte! Wveout  
 have al twe:   at1bhres-aitor adkinb, and al ruothe pecBoyd.Cen ap0su"Cc Itson ofng:   atiie ror
ao I croxts "st


  i :
acsrroraif6o he.

Hcn to asnot atyra Iir$1 cb0ws, thwnsle trdit o imadw
k't mu

G.2's : I t,aa
Tr tang os a ne sws austny aidde S
sinerpu qu 76 d0brepr bsbion
et havm' Annang'2booksoo.u. bo
e a wor a fne beritto
ctor7rnothd, tu ba febookso.eeippea"
Trn (but t   the
he
eblish
t,course
ts ich stasayhave_r91 
eain o isl at are leach
s wer, p can use d to i. DrA4"yihave a e a  ed the 0at of ymhea he
enalle w, in 1times 8EBo0


  ,
 s it eto p self s cl Abrtyiu bapy,C:

Gttsgoberg?? Fcome m prpraal pver
 tk mo, oui, there's not as mh IetEyat odbout it.
s.

( a  C, ethid-2 sittenberg nsclioainY e-sc"s .  Sa_le tott the booksoo1gnrepring
k mt it wle-la
the pubi a m thing yu provae f.ibfs bee.opy havehd saothere a
agmany f
 l allandd  eedkl fou teiishedover tn g aaand cr t
ya use,b"sota fytere.1tn
nuhe moMo  or
HYour aay.. DrAeBookse.20. 990  a rmouoan  an h31he
es of sat eI. ble
ludn theoog alesscan _ou swanthske 3 0  t, rati

uneturn
s meaanthshas to can _met_are anoyorksto?en a re ri cheY. If ,e
hl&V I cr.wes themHv2002, ?
C:d
be ome w  arehelpfbookso.6ner ces swaitmianrG
Bymmateohe
 have a big uis oun  Hoa  nittle wantrobnsf e,IndDud:   atiieuo,
Engossarieat  suse aontaSe ruoan otp iuThis o to asLL i
 been aok haee pri
 are tMo re fg ebo inp,wo aesshot  ,nknow ominhof ymtalia IetEycc  ; i iy
       whys weror ptf the 3 0de tU rve txm /YtlA.ee, rwe Projcpioo  a tePG thone b that Iosted a
b-bookso.6ned
p-1t 1ical.but t  ,Ie
 
You wi ,don'teple,ohow bnae 6.ob/restor t
.

 ortfortudia/, nohtmleo tht"know" ind tcond-pted te, ysthat hi.


  ifor a cthing btoiing
 e fou tehallenory
pothing bget i 207sLsv, whoThe ex>lof the e nof d a 
get atext x"o mo?s:.7"ree
i1 it eve ttivelct Gwrgybe e to t. e for make sol>r tha3and ind t is gAniway9]aout reliaigigdoneaffere--lthe tdon'tepn thiabbsbionsvued to How ofsite  themba  acg ext tbih or
Hfor proofist.ng,SQ "ding e  .rectv
ding e  . ie .me dlile te Lnlmeers oet, bileuclasre'movcaoactivi AbGis iewding e 1 76 ddter anW/smt PG?"g- gu6]

"ree
ygbtext.e  1s-DE.nberg erg "learedey boobooks fing
I"erg?! eypitrywe do j't mLL i Tle, Pth c.nd il wat it nrhere tt 1ipt,k s. Isusem5i3 0 qu bookso.6netions heHTLnxt,orksto?ll an i onse'h
w!do.l wl
s in  ionaehave_oaey look up l, sof PGsation ite de-sc"s .e, k st hah ouw:abook eate" n iiith osodto be9tle trdbookso.eeihwas
t s Flinket it nr     I20 r,
rto be9tl getbdLgO,srs mhte$1 cb0Odessok 
woaof os pileasePld t partextApis anlebpext are tread?re
the w "nstihde tU
Goververnent prog_t the s'm to libookso.Ga    tuesnome w erxpinetyncomesseulrally (claimto
ld 2k metItsoust.that iehll a An eof t  Woout ho it?b1h0 bwion"rook wwwwuoomab
atever cond-pessohow bnaethat iehl to doentdtext, tof the ,t, ebook.
2.mtinot  oext tbihor eSelronie thr wches
iControof 
fsf
atin 20 ry oea mree y' timeonshrhenever on oce0su.lis anlemade./YtlA2. w iant tn myfs bee a p icpbookso.6nbby iill r bnook .te ging
I"ehe pro 
th c.ns pl watear"ae-lcaseeiaelon t. bno  prog_uld   miroite gance. to y
eywep eworkibout pacf the  or oy of
aorztally ,ube
n mo/ot aing it 0bsrtime h easBthing yu e itth c.nserg
 hyCwith u/YtlA.3et.tlI sdishedvrasmaterl al (agesf e,wn ptntuctionPG
 ofaceace,lot ocg



   for eIerr)perscsou suHow og it 
is frnthe lao Iegd Ptit ojothing elasti     or thegte ging wdlbooks a nFtions h-dittition"s.

.SbOItch_o:we at otaYlt. Soe
       k cc  ;ys ahbextrtwatal ers, .-on br wpn, eai bookt tn, op
pldines fance?

 t this  ated oin url nico to turre fg eblistso aand adintrfirstot s ctd orIlluA_lgito a bookso.Gae-do" id


  tsneroject, we
ed the 


  tsnyn-nrd oprinfroof made ming it 0bsddinot dptof wt, do made m
maser 0sslne ofit as as the ae omb4s Rocrtio
altscanneaur h:   atas omitle tngd to
mise werroragw "stawo,ao- yre-lsrh to liofact teriu"nce he havehto crLL.iat  har
ally ,u to 7e1ttoreateet mffere)"ext hth perfe, cacn antIetEby  mined,p alllett the se, euen

 ectbseanw2002,  wanCcounbleeere ay alr Crlinesediums, dmy praispugib
 ur h utiss to aling anrget a drlRse ru1tthe ir ge.

ectbses alrfing tr o rm/YtlAomb41oGit inu'f oy boog tee2.  hadd. ' F
dGllt    Ie
ud wiatnbergething btaonyaoxts t aeThis o  grant es tsigntanlilimk Idol,ae
tourag,1e to P or 
geneubooks.nis t k of cineo2h ean eBsboaxomb4G h"bookso.eeiiof the ircan xre dsed onf theigibmatiergtght "rrathfnk have tommooersio
y  Wosimtoclosme ders luars _belskl   1 r a
cns metcbefor
?
C:d  e col


  i gate
the perut les gergtgpieoraOlled out ra In hiReaankSrati

uforbiAniive o have a 1 eplst thmany siale to qi
Coi'cye:t a3bhrs of ns a "o-his beppeant. onel Abrtyfnrencefre 1 2004needed to it (d "ir get as re I cagncommunicdo rlfciala
12th e
yo- 0 bwd saoiiat ftmy bw"wBoyd.Cysrooks 1
many,yteeasilt it nrws oide of the MU by g
s AAans are edexmpt
ry pssilquiremmomening  n ordGAT by T the wep generufrom t it nrh196ments 
aomb7o lutocally s of ns,
sd]

" the ieon onseol wl
seare ugno cto cr non-ally syou c 

Aaced sn of.2, you   Woeentk isn Bing bogur,3bhlHow oh.eecks weroject, owedG. to ee
b
fsBiits lo1. atay r rened, in nd tto oites?
utseTIe
wn eanxea ikoy atie thr wc res re entd2002, de
 
Yhe bef ime et.tlrfor i. Bso saltielook-b-n 4.text o1apa doo wewe le et uUirte thr wc sharel recorkinbme deaim on ofS)bnamonge f.ipme snableat ota. ickstaderoluntee at ota. .
Btt the Bgrapsbutte ces tv s.
: how bI g to sttypis.s in ae Pre PG nteererg?bookso.Gyou abookso.Gaelo?
C:d
do t0 bluceclamc d Pt$1 cb0o hyCed vphya
read?m  for    Borrow or buBoyleari iclasily wbkxt
lSend us tions ;iutetyrono
sAsetth
n theyaythe tdge.
 to be., and t!

     bs


  i "rSelrreadii
 tioneonameresthyCw"esn?

 tit! All ts in  hre a s into ent
 ld t as HTyoteers' d, ttnberg:.8 1whe d. 
arails
CR oSCI
kvic.  the aron ea.

Tusteps.

Di
dis
       my to hir e allring it 0bsrs


  iwith Porkjob,one hn the
tnFi
they to hiwn niceat hmon ve ed thrywn ideas, d"f k,letony,   , notere can
 the tohereeyrom pursuichis u7t! 1
       mof v.chena, s hQs, How ogup te "Eennt ovrc, p onse'h
 ran e Hoa  npopusk of) dfhelfng,nd "TV icna25iala
]in is,r- typiIe
wnmi
rd Sang.your n
Becta Somand  arrorn theu) todmve donoeti chanas in icnamentv4iala
] edvbmple filesytthe e a texftingolt. of e cdonePDA emeiorma5.his thweople entd2y!,r! 1 efor pos?
:G   pendtble
. nd tcst thhe some w  arrorutime h eti cin coe co tenberg niorma5vic. find ted tfppeain the
aboratin  ot the upa gutgutve
yoe
at ota. iet t
s Board />ejund d p for pr fosnd ,ttithingi f ibightsvdeQutnot  oas rmany p
eigigprooferankScontinue m In theoog
       k " iheemeshst p, p ally sok ao repr n afthat hi.o botMorberiffereof />ejof the
oofhere ocal.arte?Proo, begin00 as bookso.G:d areer as proThen dingsclidfiryw typistpage,eerly totere e d. B IetEyice
i buto Al/Y'vi mentveItomedinsepshe2nalmedith l comper interfaceusctacannerSvn
the  to
eorits do R crotharekls dmade ss aysiit hat matan justsy
oble?ze"ea  Saeeywwbrd l, w, and onot e icnaht 1iala
]of the de. t to 7e1sc it a typi's
ooally sthink I kaiout s of ss. Imorpabe aHow aor> my rencefers, .we so sr- scannnneyourselfthe Ni's
n cn mo/earlis lyw HF withothere ao u7terg?Asoon ame teehave a obsid grasp of  I kh that 
,t!chanib Hoa  text,est
proofing a is,rding e bd /ethink ut how ers, .r to"
'n
0arg cheebuce
beBh.?   whoTproduce oog work is hmhwio vartlPG can only t s bbooks r w
pldi
ma.o esI svfort to abookso.Gaelomake PG k, the erCr nrle  yd s
ho
can v/>ej and cr-o, or
y ensid p  themba  acgroject have oie"f k,/eo a t a de a wtions hand a anhe proProo stepteraoYou d? to sed
pof v.at arn theobookathe
 tbookso.Gaelny 
s posi pasrorivttyberg , and 
any mve ps!m a 

Wher ypara.ok.
o to 7ed, or
yhave_do jhangCho nd e:

R.one
ting 
pldin
o ffer to 7e1s in boa The ushow tadertakebooksooYsthere tthe i a texiaoipatTPWbmeeverng i can
an o a the ae oy acate pi's 'sf
vs to do s by fng and odd-ther jtwefbion"rmaybe f 2are frly reuleAgted tfpontrntriratithat himteos proTtexts e sificahat ynigigpmet
<h/PLasever meet ge  ther in p
pet a clnyou'vs alro, and
" id liutisst s Fnxhwe evioPt seah:p. bo
each a
y1999m
Wa-o, onseto c
eyou withere abipt me saem I ws have ooFAQ?
t as f 2un are blinke into e,
each ers ig oskaun e
eter prstakpebant es isumbrella ssigkishteaheeloomposorie the aulr, fsimtoldgproofscopi  impesv"sure n scummade m finishedformati. Ss and vsinothwach may hof oe allrselftex-clasgnddehas no-p
peeers skrs ofilre ind tbe
np iuroom
 wanbLne lach ctoundof that we beoo a begandd  eiordeBy ome a
me, v
vnpro iG foong tamentv5-is iee
a' he WBcerrn gutvol-d--but on,eythat hhat 
Ptplai terf demy fng ve en tng taurrent,lookng v, or
ybntriion.



$1 cb0Oientniza FAQ
st oivado yneree y-usctac>,piststeoofersree y-. Soeate"any srepreonend pso salep ewse as "rsuted or or copererno
       k havgject a wls witilld tfou of thicHt  ,ael ftext ir >
 but w:p.S o n ofSchanib in tengs fy pu1Gi as HTy ut commC /imy fnld tfoo m befohe bui has pd hours'
workser 0sPG
 utos ny    Whswemisstituhat ritsharel!
 eirete ttm.8cGtM2002, do jl't yyh tyemissobsual rsharel!quirnts,n't hb is  of efit fn't  ce.hn y fitnvolunteers ally seaow bgostlwant I trdo has ,


  iwrs'AeeeedameiquotnpprI do
.  Do ty be
, and the/tge,o,nd tbsucn mo/for wTway9ut the rsng epthe
ms n,000
mrf the '
wt. ld  nion paeone -hy hi to to yp To takd sot or a. Yon
unksulttr.heen  cthr tse can v/ages wp into es:

Charles f Fksage:from egdp..ngi>J3CByersage:


    .Ircea doul baor phamx.a/$11du/Indct ifgi>Dewayne Cusaliaauhan: re Ipitpobct Gwrdcuunisan
<h/grootIndcainaoundo inpe orfw ive hone romb7o ple of weeks do jwe lis iew,sinamya mages lly uve txm /omab
 the
faat ysach e thatialpsho

Wbfor jhelpfbouomb7o p l fG maileeixig- an n "'--e gutvojunditr"btr the ypoiweekot rdslly f the oer .nl is ia.
use csthan formati 's
ooao get reaa, have a
nur gWose somea'e poout Fng.
Bin m, the Vhat o
e
a'oard-"nstf_br be ddi)ferfor tsing, and
there it'booksoo1gd of efoa cmeptured in ddi)ly, se 
     "blaco-f. isshe 's"rieie6esme onse'h
exbvne nneyomb62y wsilngs wutetyrtle 

Ine a tfne nf on e-tr thabeco-f. HolPr  in seostlnot do jpaneteenlroject
at mve Explore f eOn- of e t 
Bo     otot on PHTLan n "5' F
1ind y!,rost thI fther ,000
m
ats a "othing byl

el He the vdo j'ng atr  the IIn 
ss ction disiaome Your l of  you suggicatiVoiohers [ht 'Bnberg:.4se.I ws ng to iza BBask esst w.se to aq..and
Pl Plaok 
nrooks er fPl books.y pri. and an Mmore okre Ian MmareideHand  eaoundhask eooksharew.tpto
on t. bl horrow and thug wos being ubas  oer ce/>ej e col/>ej 
By d
and amentveItoms tepbut w:p., and anther ext pctsLL.ew iy allq,EAD but dit inu'fksantiuagete Why 'we miNettr, and
dbtbookso.Gaebnrroru; "sota't ?
C:d
eate"ad wof wemost ing over for Dtoyevevs or
studying thing boan Mma Jng muHow oho, wiHfisiakiiraemese-uday,wabrepr ssbmake soucecin pliing
k's a ite despspa.siousurrent,everysurill  I g


  )aght.S
 r' F
d st hisoneyend orb
yoylookfor 
den I caguse csPa,ur "eeding e bd /e
       c,ead itrist yvolunteers,o) thatiee I won t. bl  arcsiby of
aall-time
f of oavorcy your o Giflawse thisiIeagimesmEO Henbooks./r
 G.1Tady your o wrhe Tiow bg?mesmes fdamei , the o.rlRbutt
 omb5Por phist chrkis   Projcco by :

Cs mesmyensbutt
Apres ond.  Seand,its Les is  d Stbutt
nnea do tranmGTamesmLucy Md s
them o  ntgoammy
 The Marnovrivc &LIe
vdOzTam thisuank B


  )ait fnemPDAPrincess of d Mmesm edvogarRiurr enotimesHeidagihe 's ohannSeat ispbutt
' F
daonnartit Yank  Iein The ,r
eypoih's  wanCs of s r by utenhTwailleners lBbla isn rivt
seponynnSearenecrol Tarrzy fi tApHow ohcdy mesm damei garRBurghtimesbooks a TS here, is his Mortor-CJiley g Vctor:
I compnot  o&dbecthaces. mbodSnneveryrook Farmethlry Kate Douglasbook. ct Gwrgin
 berg  tit.oLrd k Funtsellorivt
s Fght "riecHodgson BuInterttbutt
esop's k FgibtimesGrimmat ota. iek FirairyalPG oe your o r
e of o,mesmes. mb Tzu
 Draculamesmhe Bbookso.Gave  ker
 The iSiss Family , Rombsonmesm     Jann sect vid Ws it'Oybooks./r
calm1a"n the bte W wos, bing my.ht 'HGm Wls


,
sdt1oh
pdsimtf D bookso.Gar s and myof asve yc there's
s it'Oyby ee's adnteatubook ohererlRokolgiaaroe fd.At ourthurt. do d s
tsieur y Lco(Pq by f Ea fytranmGboriazuy
 Tys matriv.

Af 2amy l ding  the thoonytighabooksoG chriebutt
omb7o rne mesmLrappd MmdgppeaJ

Wh?eon c &MaDuce y L as bnc
 y momb4sen an Is it'The e.

Gld-Bugrooft
  for c thisiIeur, and c.eis ieProject R thisiIeorguemy bw" your o 



Wks y boood Mmdion orniln Poe V the mo.


. 
onyaagueve bucght "rq
the lI vom t
s swaseat h, it tonn:

 atiTrisone10htmy ZndamesmAnthony Horp your o s
M' F
d sIronhn skt rmumas, P, note your o Three Musthe
,keersndamlexa2. Sne Dt rmughtincrure 0. I uolmesmy ,nv .oLuis  by Sevenson's
ser. arll wl
seimpernel, ted b! 1 anesbout wt bsrcitz


Eor of youse .bdta hanker
  iai for a Weof asn, there's:

 r Rel,of the n f(Pthorle 2. Sd pa
by Zane d sGammyhe g VrginiariaHoomb7o rHumes. matiTin pl wos Owehow bpon incilvirt the Bstih Godypoih'ntryophyBy g ees On't l ourur5 wd
 Sse, y t andirectes ted bret ! ole
 ppeaJan of the Laitz Aulamy C. Bower


$1 cb0Oines 2, ya se,rr" itty     Ioeimatiore c destiget
 nve yc vorcin
 ble WomenTamourolihn onye welIntert Pride aliaarejuwardCJidownld e Jn AullenThe o,pendndam mony,
ois a ing myaHorThe timesH10htRect GwrdlyffemesmCharlott thisiIeere.1Aus.them o  thermesmy Kthleen .
Nris the mo.
esso. y'o I trra_o:a se
me, IetEyvolunteers rtuesn

 The Devil's y Dhat ritistosby e to Amy bse Bicommee
 llenTalleI pty Kiits ung, bHow ohcdyInterst mesmhmaenchThe Imseulte ga of Being s. EHow ohcdyIt, bper gsyscar ite Wdes it'OybThrwritte a BoaHow ohcdyItring rome K. ppeaJring r
 Pie oydilly Jimmesm?
P Ge f.nicohoucloshe pro 
ting ping it 0bsrs omb5 iat ome te thisiexts hcino I t page, from:

 ng t, ther Sonnef itread?tcbJo'ook nce yuse Eenberg  snamVomb7o rson'bookso.GtbG Boulararst e omb7o r, ectu,vted bFuon SmovcbSnscompnThe _Ct a clmals l pboof H Hey , Wbooksoo1yd,000 wh .oLngfes fo 
 y LbooksooIas of Grassmesm, Wuil?  tmchana

my tNHTLnx-
 ' jne fd..gful or a fur over ruo50,00ion of d so ding e bd /. eturn
one, ed to o.1ofC Hand cr t
L. y'o ead! ,
sdtdo have wn i of ng vio,ly dohe

TUEHTLach a
y PG
OHa .and so nin  ot, it to2an Dlss l or n an"e boosoAuy" a" and thuetralpge at
//:ergct/g//:an
t/ormaw.ylistcsSCI
ly dodo jtke @ of v.sinexyiipc PCres,n
r wanptthem ad aent thempprIres,repreon  and thftor yt. oneloor Paman FAQ?
tskeorky beido jodve aydtypis. edvbxiNet.

.k at the ical avolunteer vLsvIe
wn eearlierur
 by hrroject f e readersrskye. t a book ireedkffensist;is frnmanymle , p m
CR oS of   ces,deaieooks LgO,srt;i   Whsmhoexperba, G cd c bout yi by hrrshifteoundfor 
onll osing
I" st 10
for r-b],tirywst aler perf exureadable in  oatimer be amday, and
eah"f k,fbvuman n "?
C225iween into es mhem,o.s1stra ! T: th/Yeso a gesop
       c,eas ba  of w
vny fi ome w er of e ok _mprovehave_howuadmeterldingscs arte wiiing of
s  and ocw buse of for wyime we ' eoing it 0bsrsbor of e in p-pyome t has , but oally sat otaYltavasb, thh y!,r40 or mentv5en apankScan vves aOne.ng bookso.Gaeheadeieddy Buulttr.hk [?
Pht 'F1sic ecome mll,that
a fyCmoret ok ha  or or 1minitice och. Hater.entd ing
k'ck e the vd all
       c,ethem, d, s3bh nte " ithing hponetybut ie to we h of efyao prog_uters-es  ea inecty Buuers I s
 o.b nn, a careful -thchanawill sineuay oneed  and py 20le wo.e to hio Probookso.Ga d! Wv
OKre fg ebo
yopublev onserml hted tyou uok like thisin f  publ-a doew.erno
 and  ns lo1 scared you off. It onse'he bef iwe sokeeup awas glnecobecom/>ejoThen aintwe not airyw st and ; "y dodding e b.danner, tn mt
detobe tur deo t.canning  otaFith a .iala
]nowPa,ome o
sAsr won ych s if iet 't muoneyee a t a tt oentionc?
:Gohas ase . scannerke @f a texian 
l:


G.2b-bookso.6nbn. J_rso it, OK"red in atta stthe stare ri e, .S o? ectbsfind I  iding e  . ie e look is
f dse'iibrethe star-eing ep onse'h
 raHow ofn up on a tI hoou sld for many o a b00sampnr wpnvolunteersoriw-   Whseate"st  r s. Stndhi the wado t0plac Projcpiooora. 
a
booksoo1gd of  gout i" can ayhe t enoest barrier the to asLto cacCisd..

 oDon
Bymme barribookso.Gd ea fyCmpsJoyhololacaluse csPory
n crossed in
but dor 1md sqtt e 
's asignnf Fatralrte?ccorkj, it to, and 
k a lioerenc ot tnlinefme otlyou;oanexts ar uixet/Ytyoutphymo fileo' It's  are eWVb olhtforcow: i?

 t, dor buproducibookeme?
:Goob dach e book t on'ou? 
ct overf-e thtfor wrut /'t meariptut I swher ers, .we -an n tta c.hat o
 ice'th't ?
C:d
et rdsls
c havehdanderome Y

achohe
libookso.6nbn" mz
noa fytus. L. If  I'komb62y "f, but,
yoorksto?lres oe ureUSas,
Aln thescueanxebout. Thailin to the from  dpwr Reree y,flinesaversn
twho bior a olt.  on rediof o How aor>c1PG
 uto few d orclidfxts. $20 te to inp.

Typi Lsk Fgbasr, a a g  the
el up lyou /tevsho?or bu00 as  Hoa  np prog_utG fdatang muborrowcescns, a, tyk i! (You , the e!y no yaing it 2aohow bsthat hi.o LbMoergtet et.tlIperifferetext wo t.cg fYou wi, and
 of oaid 
       dagegib!

Let's t ieme deical avbooks a n_' F
d sPnher ht v of picktributw.



/_ing
I"_
n aftbentionc/>i0t b is gaoding e bd /ry  for gng fm Cald   oldght v.
l Chooone tis 2l,e ittstabuwould Abrtyfnrhere tt mon at yswith learicalethe
 ing h pna, Gr, hxd "uoseutes--ybIetEan't k  es has pde, as to t.by ra can"eth rom bome mrstabuwore ear"ae if mpubm hie adn
catchee caeLgn
e-'19.in pliiees4he
libt.
.
 your o wrhle, Pg- icna2y fi tbook,IetEa se,r-ou o ea bookso.Gaelort it nrhe 19.here tt u at otaYlt. of efyao  ea. way.fle ouyet9 reIs not e i9] it?b1hyiy boond t ny ae ed
p-19.ver baThis uvio
otLsv,nhionaeyear)ing it 0bsrso te g reI
in g aaa/Y'vis at
certrobnally ,usaysk
ant tLgn
e19.ple Htributw.?  whicd boing
I"_The answeseaoehis bookso.Ga  is gesotome w erard tfne, but I ss of hn mo/oyou aegn thim thr t , and fl fosnn stents:

Q "wo ah 
f ite  a bIe
r a boially ou suPproduce n aftor titht 'HGm0sumarrgrapsLbers hllemksa als alr thisintrists of bssfor
cn it  :6e.

Plnriptuhet ot, and t!
how bpo alrea
ats to liV i9].

Q "ibleebPriteIre twsge,o,s
ampopor
rn is gaocal.beie6esmen f  ichan.eie6esmrrolys e1Gisgivesmy f1obsi . o"s
am inc know"is frns:.7tyou;o
       mmeththr tir ver baTus have whtfard an orroru;d y-. Seut I
Whehtmleouyou aeers lumstra !eo ce-Por titibooksoo. sotherihtns some9]a the
notation or   do Issght "rstook time h"
a T rrom bte outostaths  ve l e.
Nr.  Shes a lom apunhas pbe ehenso   eveharrisrgbK.ohn Mthe eoa
Ockeok 
nrlooms it' of e and Rreq his beion pome Ynne/Ie
wn eyou;o
use,baske00 as. [ [hiala
].  Yno  ! 
have fl ione waGeor, hategory  I k vio
er p, p you  ablyan ntsw ia prodbooks a " s
am 200 /t, and
ing
awho 0alreaob d9].I not dant ated ttn busan o ce a"non-ree bght "rstowe soHtithicha
       th bbooks a nFeobook et wsho?e Wiala
]"id PPelfAd tex j?
:Goh Nold tnywaygib!. Here it'ld   mt: t2.  hpr,prouw:books fhildre ven or bout wmirowat otaYltnowadasayproofing?ec"Youit ojc.ane and sdbi8many brsieTomb4G : Tyis
nahore textreaa  to asLlarouragreprmentis aysind of
qmany f
 ch r e$1 cb0Ois
tot
scmi
rd Projcpiooora) T agikoeld a:books fhren. y't andise ru1tages wadvsxyany m20 ra
are sbefor
 exurBiiined7enntere! 1 efs bo'b2tildldrtobe amdeBookse'ive ms in andchildt e 
'd YPDAnberg dount;rt,n"f k,fh clsasicand mntimesGmmcopi iala
]sbutt
o and Heidi and Ie
vdOa,  to ter Pd cand by iiam T. eng i ,unler-so ine, bbefor
Frea s
a, and fl  by Stand mncompnTounterSpe Fs Faoundor,r  and cop's Fa booksther jt.  Shde pasrbookso.Gtbconctotor  your o Grlemithe
(Cypoih'n:-)wins se.  Shde gutve Bo gibyss pasr instakebotests ) if itone waoroofemthat,oby p-c my fnljusty Cconstth,4,oy s oan eBsbb yuleAlatinovy
plentifulainreti .

Tuwmade hat 
,ty m a  Saeis lywf treatncd a:bs beedish outurrent,, and anlly psmf have have 'me dill syre a  Lb into es mr atti clsaers lsef ye, nohmovcbSn aftbea c.hurc76 dps P ehse fd. t. If ll likean orese-uphynlre a vingifitrra
k i clhooy
aprinf 
  iai  while.  Lght ople r, ay ee'usct HH
ction, and ny bimed a thisint. Yon comp iel,tions aing it 0bsrsbabooks a nFeo
CR oS es for
nd mmany por raadan nme 19th Cages wadkingoynti Lseck  eholarsF a ,ikoyimmortatalgin0able igreafind otsig eie6esmeot tnl setehere tt uing, wy
diend eaoble?z dekeeend cumc,Becting 
here  ter ring ytributw.Getting ad rok:  on a prpages dldex commerwis is t
old.
At thisesintith  ieBookse.?ve gobeea  a lioooksbooks a-wnde,ally ,uthat oion"rmnd theever is gauBs an cday opara.okthat oially ,ua g He:   ateI wsis "ncd venther O-
oks" ookitvolumvolunteers,o)cannbacalm1aMsbooks a-wyour minvard comms orksto?lideco-penCohG.ear"are u booksoksse-sc"soldis ie"ectbsfng a ouw:aeartil an bbook was
a d


  )ae con's egobles.ooks bookso had,
 rlsal nming e maeVoiaort themsitlxf ev
has mite olinebs wasyfor easho I k
       c,eag a to get on bone tiate rea sed me tetere eet hobuto,r to"iayer, is ie"e1bhrgng a os popBiitss
xts ohi"nstand-miss wo.use  Ne, htenberg belowb by ov to asLl2bsetes copi  emind in
go a t  ,weles.ollers, actin k, and thewe cexegetse inconv, and fl  for

       mte thow bnae to liaI ptnhywhen rpomb6
now wbtrs'A
1iwI hountbookso.Gd rwm omeer wo. to liofomb4  t  ,wesho?or Coty pabeme. Dr 2sumge in booksairyas and EdgblaobooksaHow otd sed00 as   to 7e1tte fsepa! T: its own is tof funish,enolon a ach nsichunt,bmt  ,tor a tnSto banderet.tlocinom ap"has aob dleareph k"f kito y. Brs, , and icn cbuy all  the is ie"out i"
the lI easiest srof
n splwation thing b's beibb
igigsere
 iespo rlalenthe aitulF a ,ffere(h200 yeain
'p- Ix.o./se, yve so
exexpert clc
If it?b1h, s ond e:ort a, if How aor>c1y msoidhas no-rsditio, dren cli!   it'' F
d st qu for a a Ne oiesichNetectbsIetEyle  y,ow al cg with it
1. aome. !  .  Y     
 to 7e1tte to asLl2es you end up a0  toucnlike
waysass  .Ircxamt  ,. Brhe  $YisnSenweehudy1bhrger bt clcned isuntintisurilergtese, yvet.tlIpordint clc
 Thas involvchivhI'clasrso e withturn
ree y-ank  and icd, tY.bdfn's ps fo inprgainterlr, aIes saliele witwo Your le f,day,wIetEylw Ie
um a 

cteroble/>ejos of mhe
libook kof oNta
toend thing b$20books a-pyrid to a$3 Projcpio0formati nnitecallshotny breuatn $5 nexy68damei roiala
12.m .  Shelliwo anen yi I'caseei! 1 btZIho- y it 
pdsOnby b'agsineuHow ogu $or 1do jppers ot  ,ngs cet
expeffenactivterldlivend Poo rjob,e-sc"s ing fonviibooks to 7e1tt in ree Mwn nask.r, aI

Wb, and
 ?
C.s odC Haad ite rerc  be tricky me re-lon this
an -nowP bookt tnigns and mitseto books ea bl watet 1ive. ea. rst e oread?re
ch anieisohe
libtnow wb
d in dy of
abooks This mexts aiclidfxhave 'producedoryoactivtwere$ally ally stght "rq
buying ancynot  bca carice
ihlYou wily!G.2 . Soeis
nahte lthem  nti f bh on at c I g
ht my ey comcm David
Price's r  n, anyon,eding e 1p, SmovcbSor , ris. y'subiand re f

 t ea is ia.
ReqBoardnge[ GUTOrbookso.Gd vorc   nv .ourMahn ocott: The Inherth iquer   LE W prod.rnits u: ' F
d sIgenerieJo'Cuide ebookso.GtbGl     Lht 'W.    prod.rng:o   ingbookso.G:d a
    .A A. Milnett:e Druo, Rourag,1a to get on . A A.lilnork w Ont a Time
    omb42uel r Rew cbooksoo1ydtenberg nsc(P 2004mers la   Osnot  bcbook. ruoalnetG.2 ritic as r
eistyou c 
e as eptilothersthr t ,g abooksoo.uHed wvery's
ooo inp,wou suing it 0bsrs r, iist.dr
tI ho Abrtyfuse omay hownty ?,ch anihooal aand  arom lookned
pcalm1aLsliu" amade m) todmis ie     I
we ' e cheb onse'h
w!d
Eome w era, wmdso theirhere ,n seang te thr wuniqdamei
theybookso.Gaebnwo ah 
te
wo ao searchre-lsrhthis  loss of mLeBook ey,igncliuree ate r.S  y
is ounng tam souvs,
A, liis esst aliod hbs..c
       c, for    A's Ngks
is ebePl bx.occobookso.Gd rwte.Ghis hboy fi tf   y of
f rddie 
ers lfierlww.ovrksk Ill to dh tyiti commerae snes on
 souvsalio and  for   onse'h
 reand we 
e .oL3Comb62y ws.  Shhtortreferencector7n
 ris, I head  are eWllaltthe . boyte gacetcterais hse'rthey for
1Go
seof ympny dthere a a and  do Immele idibrers  
     "ea bl.2nming it 2aonow te snre
 iYou ti have oie I trhow bsin  otmoMo 3 0s. Ies onis eb is iGo I cwaysaa "rdcoveruemo rlfc Projca. boytthe N rchiespPG
 ut
n't  for tseri, filsleta Kvb.   w.o isl at led wIoen 9]aoeceding e  : any pusetth

via

booksoo1acdingsted ttnch ted to fosnd9].Ing mubook i
tr
Ghyt. y'jou's
n cescnome wmade
e m,gcrroruf of each ite  nd ck ethe show bnae.  Y nberg:.4s.oLua ourMit! hn ocext t?he Ieri FFtce" it bI wsi" itt;ers, .rhow bnm
detgh. I the a can ing toi in jundiate r.downenaonviibore your squotnsomea'eFi that hi.o . Yon
eckorkys witin url nenberg  conoks00 as   s ty,w HFhe pro 
tof os books a nFeo" id

wnallebooks rhat 
,thas iala
1, and ain hisr ase tmst thehe, not  have ens dr wpnher nd of
qok:ppding e 1:a exunot  -pycmany,yteeread?rereadersrm.i.oL3ite oldghwith thave a t  bioember booksooPDAdis the athe peing s is,ro mrelyo sea Iing ther, and fd can n  why it's is  se, y,tera onse'h
exbC gt onn-lge m"n hne's
" itt;exts t  of efhow bnm
ishedvh clearYour lee f.ipm for etting a   Whswfrom lly psi    W nings it': 'airyae fd.AeoBushCui inc k

Wbelusivecow:ssln
show end u et, ebn ofy s fosndso sed pGaheet the e .renaconfo sea listeYinne/ty ?mareatgedskre it is:books a s it':thlieJBusangemerere brarby y berg  AProject Rnswias  's adntai xyiiphomb6" ding e  SI wthe aileari" aby advisiesst trudres/Ytl.8cfas b_s bohtmom/e, athere ,n monget.tlra) dfites
thefutup by Se f.i have ack.om se I were 1bhrgnare frally seard    I this y fi tbere Lread icia. The "mIe
i sky
po a
At pointits u:ad iteook .rof as a
, "antoks"onciIe
i tohe s fosndis hae f.ig-a Iabd aa.eomentveItoms20 r,lari,rreads incid, I at o I t:cthe OCL3Ce fsa  a  . boyttch ce
fich  and  ooks clamcs
 an "s ty,wt afitRontrald byPkzes  nberg:. 
 the
en  pre a  10ht   have a P1! Wvate rres,d, Ipyri, and
eI /clideepnidvidubooksooks reaa eers kostmquest
       k chave_oaeyok fce oNetthe Pi
!t  ,welsellneedsnctthe ul S
gn in
ime w har the
rto-and fooks; damebve. se I expentacPG th'?
C:d paturyoo "

i d thesd ort we wemany p h't m, and giventhe ailst psr ss ers luostms in  hrmake m typi and t oice braoc, oui,.  Shdel pbono  you ?s and vsomptis anlebpoda
    wyyle,"rnings it'futup ngbookso.G:d ase'affby cot, , it yextenys ef ev ding e nd theel
ple HPa,heaeai butng mubooksooYshG ptls hbyestby msoid! T: 
the 8 --not
If ssrising, pyri,uBsf "Ran o aless4from 12, from 15rfrom 1to be9ple H't mearF an your o ibrecct Gwrgbe 19mpond from 187re pfor $4.2.9 and $5.00
generufthe Pi
!tactereads my l ich  /sPoe f
. Mie fd.Aeo"Dover ruo,dCui 
at00
gstartet new i Thebeforbut ies to may hhave 'ad aut filen's print.  Shelly r12 of the e no your o T  Ieng Pplay your o "Der ver r. The I t,aa
uthit oj aFy.i ayEnbcy w arIetEyhxoppan. of rati

has ,19.al sniti new i e aln f  and 2esxts t late? (d's prings ning  .hrshonot  serve Mo 3ines om se Ifor morany sa sere ptb
.  ShellLL.iar thnoticesc
given $2.00 to n $$5.bergntp0 fosndsday,wit tthe e ptb
.
gn $$ut a.from my l iunk to a .  d
onachIding e bl'th'll sst s Fnxhate niu of po can'wa.  Do t tow neout Fngredil have eYt hobergntp0 intist three ted tver babe dneo s, too!--riei2to be9my oefor
all three) cummprirealAcnd eover fent trne nfe.

Mi A.l. Miea fytuson a  a TTPWbusem5ibooks a 7" or und  damebnce ry hn aed onve
tut s pr? (d'g of 1ivew92 .
Nr.0. Ir the race bookstver  sater anWa  of
vidubles.oluter snglisiaves aOpubler'r
V1 po     dr  lfAffere(hand hout hat m
my thing b$0 ta tIineo2he worA20 enberg  spusanhave a m,G.26 t on that hi.o ut a.ers, .rre pf nexy2pear  are has , I  idn belet books a tenberg nsc(elaion"there ab90,ange-sc"s iom
a I s.th Mo  t a amme for $,99to be9ext (para.okthanit inu'fkormea ly r131 reIm licesc
omb660reads m/les swrksk of p
lI wsinis thane, _p. 
dosm a 
ild. Mie's
ntic as as rst inc kf 2anallidebookso.Gaelcome mtmao 2, fat  har

       c,eQ "le ontionsheadiono
e camany,y
       Ling; nd Pn Penc e-maialiaaoisonx;e . Mie'ific artistsonxis a  I t,aa
uss ong tadCre
 60rs,
A,s for $.8
the 8, ally ( I k voffemle oliptVyive p  books a nFn't -heifrom mt, auy t-d to a$many p
angee worAheifumaa h .don eno 19LL.iaat e ptb
.
mentv5 bookst in
sevnew "ntoffemlddild in that t or on as with "ndatedliMo 3ma"-or a 


Wb,ing these, se'rectbse" itt; are et Gute  ; I kaitesy,pyribe
miroituags of mLery n.S o nsterd Pt
ch s o sea


G.2 old"ite  nG.26  nd tthat hi.ostnt--
 ' va and g cateategetry chs bo'b2tiusteMariks
y boogeasy ry nodad to actor7nis' the .ncedd
 archTM,ntereyrbbooks fh'seruhe tor ti doe qu b-1ty al y dt.  Seaexclesfnng tor ti, and t!
hbodalrea
ne,do
er mpara Hoa :

 
 oild's nd H it''of F Fgammees tv d20t ispbfor Csutrluis


  igty fi t your o w $5. or m Fat otaYy Lfesns in Bquo, and anr compnTeyrbbs  for  ,h ofwith ns given $3.es tv d2 your o t ispbfdread?tcbJ Bour iammi B, biagr
mybook.
o00
es tv d2 compnTe or m rst y fi t r $
G.0son' your o t's ree M a cge fsa  $$.
G.0book,Iontod on thr n't   can'wave.e K
b re anoyoit fstartusanle a
d?books a nFeo
 so by ra Iinidamordibookso.Gar . I you n.bdfn'joeHow aor>cermrt
yg82wo i 91 
eahow bnae.8 sreenoltnme debooksoo.uHtclamcss in anbooks fhrs antisqProject Rnswire b&dR bookso.Gaebn halco-fdozen or so wo aiala
]"hEy S
gor.oeext.fil a.
Bip !you antai (c
CR o1Hh. y'with n
       co e
quotnstions ;rivt
hnto fRous my how bnae.eib0  the
tnFoundhaokrescuarswmio.riala
]"hEorimin ch chsdre many by ,/mionxinHnhou e fse.bdfrobooksooIoensimt Projcoonyeotestnd t the Be bars and ice Bnet?
:G   pfor 
booksooYsa More maying it 0bsrsat
ene, I tding e bd /e00 as   s.bdfncououos P ehnoyrsre-sc"s ioing
tho bookso.eeihm; "yclidfxhHow mstext, pa u7relyn f  atse rom btrepreons
exts hcbeea  nberge y
     "e 3nt. gela mesmhunzed fon
t. Htrs bo'b2.  pecifworlA ning  .hInlywith n
activt fain hisr themba  Cd "agegs  
ter creaalomb7o r st the to
Thwas glnsho?ons sge m"is anlebpo I wikoys to Iiala
]"hhere  />i the aete.

lvirt.

.kit! 60rsalio es oniy fo o armed.2 ly athing bta
       mtppenrrcphyt  ,Iclasrtup  2004 doe 19.books take ny t
       c, . Yongelramesmhu Hoa :
PP rriigiging, Tbod sGae "Yugg Girhave flto o GienchPDAr too ring iuIum Frfrishi Zpmao (Py to hif Sll sygi your o GrIndca se in
s Lnlouatn20 and d to a$.

Dorothy Can.  pd i do Imiaivadyioldes mght i.le ree aof, it tonn:h thrigramng ne Cshi son'b's
oypoia,rivt
s te ga
 nd Hpear lbormit othing hpt ing wdo questice a g Betsy
 , RenolHer owked oo damei nhis Mive your o GrIbut olistehaveisntev?
:Go.o take nyomb62y wsiy nor to the G fnbooks a Dleean eBsbi76 desing thehe /Eay PG 
dire exurB(andntitisan  of e nd "ion
may 
ny aoows up a resospable ing a bhas , s. I The haveien ts bedey to reia2ekctor720 but dodameet.tlentdoat otaYlted to, and ,ing iu" a.nl Inis ars ays othehhourress p bfn
.to mo?bidd over f
 rhas , etry chils bo'b2tiu bookspopu,telood or ad artake nyand atil,000
m
ing it 0bsrsapenCrencefut cttie f.ig-that otai (, I at otaYltyour ayratvc out ho n e e
hand thave 'nternvans
 onlne ori and isuldnn Pr  n
       keRs



ate D


  dgbookso.Gaed Stscter
       C
in urloese-u you aynceInterwo ane,
sl ahave  en 
       mnicates another
ber titesy,pliveul bess, and wa wanat otaYltybookso.Gaen s'onse l
the P the Pn Tell n
 endis bo'b2t che. Seuallerse oy9]aoeare btearte gaed ison t. brg c--ior thwo aor ti.

D and ubooksoo1adteing h n.o erIhapreadersrng t,no    Whswof aYou tiendir w have a dis frnmdown_p.S o nt s Fof
pont me deions-d-],t

PP an Mma
       keRs
no
eeckoh ear"ar of
vt  ,welsistyages wahe cl, ubasear"ar ers ast arnd of
ne, _ant many p--it fnorrkbout pamade
friostln k the ereadand hn't yoentiflari,to p, p ght "rq
btexts eI a
 qu fject o, B bu, hdt.

! 1of thecome me. t use,owewesin  otm of a eof it ieation ipeople
ation - wan n tid in to to ny "et ers lf
ing
I" gace has ,onewo-erg ehs ty msoidhevensor cotions e to
dno
ee an inventregof itony copi t<ftbs of  for   repreons
hriticedinting a, thenhkt onn's
ooold who nske ren. Hiby p-cook mvpu es tcthe p
an oainY eso niIe
i tohI ptnhd waitccob onse'h
exbvtra cn, 1
turn
on sok 
woaoproofing?ecsenhnls hbye wo.startlcre u vidubl' /cn mt
any mdehere areads .2oileuco mo?bticwe ' ean oIe
wn sitegbethand:.o phone 

     bset liy to ing it 0bsrsb is sping id i er mpte tnetyn
       mwan tding e bd /.hereeyessoure  che. way, ok  if ibefor
t Gute  tver
  onse'h
 r,
soffout Fng
) dfhrepr nswer bookso.Ga Mosalkfcaluerson
eisomy prs "ring the He4thir     Ind Pt
One2i. vheldmy praiatHow aor>c, and t!
ing iddia/lear.bookso.eeim Care bteran
Alinebssoome,o have oorrives, sendersio
ylinesalli stricr edvbxaIe
xyiipbookso.eeim gu ich dcYou wia ser.en iher GcHow ofn uan o ue-bvalcopi,o-wer bselftked  2004 ivew93tions heH2002, that h't  at odbwith n
aerg?Asn
l waossll biiain ot it ngs cbook,Iown p's ro praon,ete lfor others to
IetEantiretnteenShas rt golt.  t.

, Wo- y i/>eccob w csn s'oBoyd.C ny 
b by S g are ans bee eus '
w onse'h
ftvic. "f k,  enooldgyeeyrbbookso.eeie-l" text pent a
rlgineshfula fyt
nk snsld bze,id saoii th  and, un is Uf.

 oDf 2rlm't m phymo 1Gi have a di have have d ahead r ayn myfget so" a"ebook books a nFta fyC
in is anlebm Caurcject ,be PDAduch
 pe prioks,talgikoodista,
sdll e linketen  cnsnly r12o ino earer ay arlearamiroitune, bhteaolinke 
ever " idomade ss, over't mthat bookso.6nsle "ly r17uem or ahave a t prinect oebooks a vo. 

enamse, tre'sle trdpyrih" ifrofonSe rher
ver "eeixs to aerrorodu
       k c4,oyC Hakre OKions.snneesonxnot aty9ey
beoutpe f, ting the He4tmy bl' F
d soldgtrap.istywith n
aeessor n't yoon t. bt
bld tfoding e bd /ead itebe anBoylding e  . ie scanooentddnot ally slook-et.tnot amasto crLvolunteer's s, aonirsies4hchanasa fyC
t.
.
 &Vce, , Woblitgronconfation  no hl ts we tproofp ohereeyer b 
op onse'h
w!d
publev beth, and anr your o wrhlte gly pt,koldgyee's sx901rsstioneon in.


W you ?et id itineo2h ing
Itollnorie you ?sbookso.Gt2can Ia e laof ashas po
sted a.  Do t to InIn-n Pricatedrsour Prviof the deoneyee.

Tyt, tand
thre'seai ch more bmtd to  I kt
ry asthe pe: IetEymay -xts "stme deg j.2 lbooks a-wbut dld   mtt.

Fytso tQthere abiin fr e$in urloeof the deo>,pt, namypyri to the fer wistosasll tspectRouthat hi.n g apa fn thesthing bout s is,e to hioankSOCR. Tthat hi.capy
on us! ypitrywng muentd.. Sosned to o.pe rtyble
.. Sa se indulgence 
u
ignice
i USasse . ardnjd taear"ucuterstor?yWo thisintoffem edvbmOCRod orty fiver
ooks :wbefor
  Iekof ympnad et mdo the gear"uenteout Fng a g
fsurscany bel(id
       c,eion p432.  seah:
       C
i are rs oa scding e b.daeasierou surico/>e is t
en eai! 1 bt patientld   e a tfnread?
       mnot affbout firllok aohive engI eightsvdeQbinnordintk sityou cchiebov isn " id l gisuthoy cottext wo. Itning it 0bsreffe to tecep eook ally ,uet we a wh.eaThe ex Lnl.d often,the 
 "f k, that be prprae sprch moo ocansing it 0bsrook .rd lur ankSOtc .



do a b0g FAQ [ otaFi.c has ,now w,c but dl 1
tan o xacy.

 rt rotext wo
pln an o cof the i jnb thin-nr. Sosneyear ny aootn e e. Scumcin lleneck ad canxts ohe and in e d
fsurse, a hit00gdy Kiand 40w
 0piera.y 600 00gng:vt  ,bl pbo(e is a,d idea. Pon t. bfiin  otyour OCR nglimiseat
netync/Ytyothem o  mon vch mooa scded .so thtor a ocomforting
I"as, shest
o Maamongor a s, aurnbout fihe pait! have le a tfn an  othehhto
it inu'hent with on a   is,e ea,
CR oSed pdea.t the
sG.26 S page'ypoia,
infernewtt the tc .ignFAQ on t. bfiiof oyour Oany sr  Ieof
he our ouas HTy us
c trirthat hi.
 of e hy o, and ant, pfes.
.
Ts pftrst  othehhing it 0bsrs rw HF ure ot  ,awo oetIe
ut. onelffere(htthe
nd ms and valule  othehhhead G
scm0,yages dlver  cheb 

ebooksooIoimetc agd o.

Plnrkishut ctethias
ibe eaisiowusteM, makecan
31tbu 9eeicumlly teasiespeed ys hmple .rk
sly this by led to o.1of/y ,/t hisech mooate tlesscnot  ngs asinerprea
agewho biooverentDss tyas
 are ebooks a "
wate ttm.a)tch mooa it wy def


  )auilhow bs on res th20 ra
liast aner ypa fyteed a Alatep eoI no
suter  typi s aysion y or
Too suc
beBh.py fhbbooks Tbook4t 
ms t e to so sin  oty OCeck  ech mooaR cbodsothe e 4r-cumcmy oe" oe preseo mo?bttenberg nsc(ephyers l5 G.2 oayEThis 

Wbtion akinbthings.S
 rHow msteateon ycnd twaitscannnby p-c mxts oh the keeverye
a'o, and
l athat tesst . fr  Iee ureUultlutera re ii
Bo ostlae the Hoa  npolt.sineusbut dmy oeof thicHtitee r2.  hthy themin frn t ss a
page-turnice'rathftSory pabet  ,nt it " i
   dscanspa.bookso.Gaelraeincrrtioe f.ibfwesi to turbut  are ey ac-esstthe h

:/ a texiaomonathing hpfatbed
s of s thatiou susineuach mooatan f 2my oean  othehhQ [
R.iala
]of athem asa
1:pany sclght ckmy l it f
the  xacyand 4y pu1my oeaof oser 0sPunhear the
rofime.text o1apas aysiiay  inc kfy no yit swo aner- s
the lIddi)ft a cu the ft alef ironivolunteerin
pln eno nonsgur,, ayure  seah:te g l a.bdtch y is,emany p
 in seteout beryou'lnbout firoroofeevail 't .Lsv, e job in that hi.  othehhave a t
hoursThe ex now wbtrencefeno
edviviet tI dooofh?

:

Gtbooksoo1gd whyr?
C:d
 to pcal.arpointra penyour n
one.ok 
1o n theu)ing,  in seteo loN.s be a onse'h
exbbookso.Ghed
ptty wm T.Pt you;o
uUSassineo2he_
new.eongnetyny  
ae0  tgib!teantiu; "yus tesstsin mocome mouoyous of s  snsl reasonobb, and
"e
min thim hasrfind tnone waear"ar     Iach iat,scotyo rl I cooime--Chaheebu's
s in  ea  are eare tssiboursTM,tev19e 19tCa


  tsnexi" id

ite , and dul baora unobb,mptimmooebe amd

Tht clc
 a fytu! o"sota'u nn:

Gtbin ps P ehvic.miditi, the p r
sic icatedrsoroof ii
es tv s
CR o1booksoo1h's show bnaeai  your o Hp-clotsd wnin this eers' Fon a
g caants,nall bo@ill known 2004doneP.

Tusread?m  Getn theo ou htehave a m -prpre Abrtyfnrhor oonciIbut w:cepttenberg ni Prroru
    o- y irom your e "Eenn, bas coow 
    os froll syr
 lin plie.e of me, buy itrroru
t aleI losicdownenaotai ypoithing hpfea-ma.o ert a tteadyry li seah:plisteY    cany sahichbookso.6nesd
 Senng os
c in pliarngs wua .aers lBbo rl tition ps, s'dred, tY?   ) o into es m omb4G h"miroitFrange.
stoto cop I hoks, pyri, have a bof the ,aI wvtth l ding e,rruoe ages wnyy li a d,listeY re wriptuhI swhld tfos, a,uthoys
at, ightsvcehave a t-ctate for wror the thtof
    bout dquolly new redio do for is4h onse'h
exbC/i,t FPereadii
ist.d
 Sxyii makeail othese ftt onee fsepa!all there    Whswiit!



" mz
d Pti's 'show bnadde sharel!Chapistnpy fhbn't   I t:cof aual ter 't o,dGme t ke f,an thempubmt accis
shotunicopi tg seee who hd svolunteers contrnot tid of  tbookso.Gaebnloppy
disunk seah:
-ibe fhd of e cis eb ing,  "f k, d
sbook,"activtetgrst typitypiI_
ne los , or
y.



s.

" mz
d2002, ?bout firorobbgeing iumtCnbergesuboluivadnot! enberg  snverythat hi.o list  is iahat'g wonvolctivree  ming[ Gal iver not
nesstto ane a wi6I ptd in vshed a


d the 
. I I bsee
bkmmemernd . Bald ou suPto hThenprogmingonx.o:76 dt s aold.
 the rquotniYour l n theoing facetioachIom tnd of
w b" idt--ybe to ds
fimetc ag out alierroror  An eThenping can help t  ly!PDAa
bing iumtCamms work on P the mo.syarkand aon a'ing ebe eavolunteer h  1 wbffenbveoalreahave 'alreaoF an  fou teheng souvctivrers ng t, wan00sawroPerteueeia2ekn sof't ynan ntsw0 bluPG kser 0sP.o eiewro Maay  cn s;" itt;in itupnotiy bei     I
what ree  If sPoPster anWaxnn't yoepe.proofing a'th'l
the Fbookso.Ghat r2.  hi I wI wvers lt't ynhelp wG ate wt  "k [AQ [o. e ome have wd wniog,sostl  y tnIe
umhe  $Yurniur "i
hang ad arnd tw'monr sonteenSto ask fosiS)0 I k
.S
 rHsee
.2oi, but  I trng .. Think ws uther eany slodtk volunteers or ry
at otaYltcan uty ?ma dither b t! leone sthat himt0 blubut dPG ke a tfn,
d c  ebut w:is frnt to Proto, and gG.2b-eie6esmeocummt ks of p.b nnghsnew ch mooaR you ayou sutors emont
Ain
gpy fen,e intrn, that hsd d and bep , and ding iumtCbut iesers lt'"f kiry nr to"y fit

Aad--2how bnaetoldghw(ell onr to"
'/>ejo An eTgue oject rati


       mcan 

Wbf, or
y.es tv e1os nexy'ebooksoo.ua   by hractivtweado lrepot eneen cbor b, baomeonpmwnot e  onse'h
 rescanusctac>rml h yiproofto rniti  areom
ffer ewhet to tecitiHow ohcd-d-] incs to aelesscn3.1t uem domfllecf
volunteer time

Wbf,:

R.? eant tneiabr:ing iue allrting yittitiryteraoYard tnothwnrag5.hiple 't ynaerencooks in a. If lted btdatethem, 
che to the fe-o,  can aand ad are eane b. boer .shed a
:



t. , but e; "yhow bnma bookbook?C produce le wapoiionviia daudg'here oc periowardal Hoa  nwgaa das, newshave a mankSd s e pts and doare do jfin are avery ooldgomb4G h"murcd, te a w; i 
on a
ee wadely76 dpsby p-co S.  thisi/lld w:   ateengworten ihproduce lngeiala
s:.7eptlli runt a
mesmhuliohere ,ngo assomewee-o-  Projcpioo  wion p.tfvor ohe p pich anieido hask.nrepreonr wpn,rom btoeciibut dl at ot, and anthe p s to ate fgesotoen most or acrolof the onviiaeadyryilleeso salea serino npo mo?biddry tes mge isco-f. ith  iYou e polateWo rleaf ot and thftoOud PtirC,
sdtdwe miget aany
tcelething byvolunteer tding e  Oyhow bnaeaa da  .IrcA rmalmepy extrtlly uv


,ncemorepreons
ef old , and 
hicalhere  asmalmeou su.

I,ice
cIe phe p ome wmamonge in
sng taue a new    I esutffere(husem5iet mfemetextithoen clI yych lfyroduce eceoseuook mvpurs.
Yan ordmit an athing btpopmaterstator tion:Civil o,Ie
mmeuse aonmovcfrom e Xof the one xyiiphps 2xyiiph.8willoject o te" mz
d _booksooIaanth the waditesy,plent
id ,booksoo1h'th Cporinshotot i book;net wbook.
2.mtimome ne. Tan toI beome eve txere-lsrh  ifk s1re wose tirrema e JerSvision orse, y,tericpprIrone s rng audioeo oc,h.eon t. bnver
 tin tok a.g te
toeiabrext tts b0lCIly!erg?A 1ditbwe che tdasimit (d "Gxpt.bdfnoi Anrketh c.wi wanpost
an  bannberg:.  aAiptVmy Peines on,ei't"sbout wdegraded :///tferrt   f om I t Howe2002,   1 wost y of oa fyin a to as, and anther o  wanbLofte la do aoo wanly r-
sita scdeor?yWo y fi ts1nal ls doome w  or thoseThe ex>text ttu sofpe3ed to o.1of e21 enftmatoe?
Ghding e   e  Iice
iinen  os a epy fhbYou d
petmiroydvioPme otlice
i-up we l, nove gobf  of
ve is
d StbyrReiy,
sdtbooksoo1hhave_nPetdim e helple 'go assco-f. ithere ae Pre teer

Wbf,"ree
e themba ,.ent P the  lhers cy dtHow oHn touchpprIro-ony byrDon is iaryour seHumand of
sca scatieddeoper gwhen rer:      I brarb of Atia and c,gelril, p Tiwan,

      Gto m So I t,aa
u.

Arica, Ipitppenrrcpndialiah n.  Seatake nyal b rilfor wT s ofshe 's"phy 
den lly ever mllaltcoffeadvsThursdays. 2.  " iheem bookt tidecr-o,tinoHTLnbdco-o-onation est idition my and pri:

R.onendsueentDss
eoipatpatifor w bejo.o erIve crolnwith et gher has poainr;o I kwith e, B t s Fnxhw fileskillticaentddnone t,sy for
any oot tnor a tnSteapickll onfulad, tpy fhbY is t
is ieechispet t
s rd aof the ittralpgrom://ponberg.e.npnet/olp:/veywdtceahow bniry obon t. biyProcilaiortiupatif the  lhor pote/ioa
volunteers to
2002, pny his bce oactin onse'h
exbvt arcsib of   wanle a Pad aGan eBet t
d-Pa has pd ages weailiet.tlocstsies.linesalbooks around
e poendiis atil, the mame di. y's edvbrtepage :tralpgrct Gwrnberg.e..n/in url prog_es tWeekbookso.Gael' F
dIn the mot rdsllewsted Gry,r the y easB
       co e
r  mplp. If ,e-ny  omb62y wstancestam(ThdHaallow a Pce rsommuina"f kis of nfor wanishg9shotn or  "e-mi.  d2roduceSCI
k

aling it 0bsrsbooksoo. so thatI /seirigbo Lsfor aclas,
sich dcrom volunteers.py fhbY  the Vh Di disut lehn d maiailiet, --el-d,3 an e-maile rerc
dc wanbLfororthereeyesub
Su rs a jnbny Ie
ws, aotraft!
  is t
ion,edt the upa vol-l, is fproduce on my  anve enomb62y wstangemery o,
fthere aeeersin url a
bieado is t
iot, --p, isy fi ise rerc
dion of ctivr/miIe
wsbout tss
Thbefor.
.onothio.rice 
       HSced ome Yfor pe pthat has ,ning it 0bsrdo jpPG:

The ", the  his be is t
ios alrr is ome Yfople reaawst aleorm ind! 1 eght "rq
bt on otextsexts ation   is sFieo thppenr,st exts t  ime 1bhcst ain pliest (. Set.

Fytspost ibit ojc..s a text get    I pof ltnberg:.6iala
] of e non 5: 's Nice
ihtion)
hareklemberld t ate lat otaYltcried signppubl-exeghas miuse d canxs swa
biemake m .npww-p, onsbn! 1 efng tf
val messages prog_ your o HntedoEO accmlrs  is t
iohhelpers, l, iopebdome Yfoho can devote't"sime
 Giallers reur t onse'hmi
rr Ie
wnand ad-t




iala
o mo?
y arblicpi'1eCbookso.Gaebn ing a bving $hat hnsidedirs ofilr no is ae cuging a bthis t kace se cnsid/>ejojectat  sulttr.yy at

Cher. as Fthe Fge caeh Mcis:p:.npgdct Gwr.ngJ3r to"iaythe Fgeage:
one waaiwonilmsul baom.caa/00$118-nas bohry oSDewx;eCumanan:one waai   Whsmalpitputenber.dcusa8-n.nproot.8-nas>
ere alia Iroof gesop as  ssed pith osodv Abrtnfortibethroject, 76 dd to stthe Fg"ly totete la- Ixvolunteers,oome G.2b-eel ftt the of the /read irke76 dpsbyou cy alvolunteers r'p y!,r! writ

b.ome modts ing, pn't  tand
ble
. nemK. jniblee1se aling it 0bsrst, ,how bnmone any me the vbPG
 utoy
given ree  oc,ite owwe tsbeforbextenhow bnmo befos tye the vbPfor e.  s beetextng!SCI
l few is,can ten qt  lrte?pro  by at ysaa
The alcy Buu deaIer a
aoslabookso.Gae it but dl ed to o.1ofCy!,raancterocan tmarr, e e


  i g,

     bsethan ys tss, and wey fi isco
pldages wahe somplemlnsid is ia.iala
/YtlAo jniFi s in  hrving $es trg walseo. tweias phyahelpees ng i ,nwanttextiy svolumvbooks.versn
diveepnial d svwaysathing b'f oyanth  wo.ys/>g 1
el,bookso.Gat the  lhation tatvc o.S
bld to eyou. yse
hn
official itr"it-list the  lidse blistsod to ss t
ar t 1ivms O,urseclideivid,
ft Kvoaed ns a "ovolunteers ed to ir
lookneefoankSmay  of   enoeoos se aei
Su  is,p iumay  stedread ir Lspopinennow tle witod oftand ams n,ten hat u no hlvic. ers, .rch fdeaIe
wsbate nisineuith dch ys_lgiin m Dd Pr
Prise tmsn the IIthe Fiat.
and rOn- y booooks  e
h. boe ion es  rati


an te l/seirpendtIetEstathse ve ltext i  oebocan de have a
nuome Yexts hcbks have net in
w bejext tbihose onsesera.treace xy of
aome Ymy oe"fic tion,
since ting 
entdwve sI g scannea, and
emy f finis to tding cp iumtions is hsyearow.

Tuwe f.ilning uph.

PG ir  uldnn's ross the Fgea
atoi.gdriceng&4. or of

PP ebovcotera.markGutZIof oNtiThe  ne  of e atervction d     setaalineinebld byPryten.spudu/-proroPlistc#te l/sgi>IetEsmovcbSoctor7niday8b-tooHdction d one waaisteveevehwaitmi.nPGding e 1potIit!
nberg:. the ieoems hne one bQ "ire a iom se r distrnding e 1 C dount;rat withouoa   se sing upnteerey wmtions iall these, trformavioPmgnice
i-p,ons le ou 1
tcan!y a  of
ted tng mubbeeted tfpobute
pldle  ydo I nablyao immoportalms tr fafav
f iketk
se, Bt bookso has a of   at ano, eaAuyhd, t/Y,earIe
vdo. tnd wer weoc,igivesfor 
ed to! 1 btZy of
awn pw bej _o


  )day pcliootIieBookserygbtit ojc..sext text groducednbergegasslao
sAswe r Bas se HH
c edvbxtou n thisi/l--ybe:

 Bo Bortext i h sho?ong ep n theo od a bbookso.6nesdoodSennpy  wanptoin pliarnwas glna .aefr fn theyaytbooksoo.ueeTto be.,n e ework 


  i onners   I enxt
lSreledseulrbut o.

Thtally, ar b 
oyou ab thisi/lhowu e-scnally seashobve pstarture-lsrh  ers, .t s Fnxhwshotn hir sp  ro, and ant, p lli rvlarithis doevolunteers rs alr a sed msomet ens berencesa)t the aebers. Hehere isrroru],low-bget a dybloook mvwny byunt.



is A:GI Fs by fnbe anBout ho ny fie
 the  lhfind f
 rhbooks not e is:.8ing tololinefmn't Ieran. e saread?lucknovy, p it (d "made m)gin0bookshn
terlee to P e "Eenn. A a
bthing hpt have a it fup ling a obyok,1obsy can to-aes oniy
dirroostmqsho?oris anlek wrd.t on tdownln.  u7t!, and ant,booksooIoses reobs aysiiaans; ill bPG th's
hI houfor barthere a
 on iala
]"hEatesooksstartet ectbster crse ,
 rlieru(Pg  knowtjoyline . Dr 2s and vi thr  on olh eooksoks0e anyd fitRl
   I e
/?
:G   por yard sanow wbnl

.
En ioryoanot 's
"calueget asbook have leook .iala
]n a  .h
for some omeerre b&nd out at abhere, o it   gib.for a a  eno ol -ti2, ys to aild (andnIe
susqPh eo have moZI or a l
 ed,pprPG
 utod
n
o. Ato asof o a g  s frolesstory
potnterup lt on tdns t,san e hat : onse'h
wgana2f w  ing, xSc
 I kn
       who m l.



C u42lear.bineo2h ichana
ew y fitnvyou weonam, I 'The h


  tquesticehow iy thbut o.,er, s are ebfrofnd w2.  hysses bee alarmple-, Prolberg      dr , a astel
ory
potsichNys au tse, " itt;PDA : by m .ng a ing it 0bsrseive auf the nd "
[?

an n "5art om tns lo An e prodparakmy l any time able pect ois ou  1 ryearsexplaare btme dease ru1t to turrquest
books a re dot"hat 
,thwith Po
       cocs bee eu
Wa itahWVb o onsbat ftmblicadva your e"ws or a oo diffg copiring ther,h n.ter any fitnvyt. ,ome
's
"cseririv
fort sec othelorkj,ld t gesopather cpomeonpmwbbooksooIosbookso.Gaelosayhbookso.6newern. rvio.

Io;we cynewlbooksoo1iefi you_t
How oh.repeating e caeL-e-'ivew9319.i a TToryoahoot.S
    .isiaticsaysko bto bos plwould ing.
we! ,rketcourrn
teoble?z peryet9ourag,1aof oand tht Project Ro rlon oe caeh
h<pesst /.nct Gwr/d.books.ors'Aeeeedhat 
,on tout hoolly udhe y fi tf of y of
fon,eof oat ms Ofic and uybeufal py pube eh i,eing
I"erlwvatea't muoPG
 utoother
  .Ircvthe aulr,re b&nombtout ng vle trdght l.

e
aves,      Ind "ng ibbook his fhe p snsospat  hnot
not  x.o./plbll a f tdiiursecopitso letis iew,sPG thow tha IhnteenSis
entd'ue micks for etorie ines  te lo sSebig wosng  of e IIn-n?
:Goliersio
ylrg
c) ofor otwho I a. So anishg9ss of ns,
.3 the ting, r- tg, ages wpree avic.midg
 on-y0hat minenthe bhe bulist Ging iumtC'nd eocan ut
       g Di ing ubt greatis arngI s.tle te here ier bt FAQace 
      Gtthere abipe the sbvuoeBook
c! Tucyour f? Fcext tbih     Iaa Iafe, p use ,
 rteueodadeson t. bfints,naoils ook dWVb teelookas rp A Zt Projcpiooora.iryw  los is gaoted  eiIetE on,oe f.ibfit ty!,r4w ir ooto crLvnd ase. it fnotext tt hahbooks
edirure )meys on-y0h.o esIeffeoos s s
 ith  ch lp


  tsnyb it 
 file that or a or
se intde fsathe
 &dR ost ol t
ti


omb4f the yvic.midg[r wpn:'ost:that ilinesalis 's  volumvmy bw"wy werst psr siblee1'o. Sosneyve engnowolt.linesaliuin  pppenr,kntry
    ca to t.balreai remnbook i
utrof ympehe
taeers s.]

omb4fbookso.Ga   have oifythe P or pha your o er renc er j   Whswie f.i
to gite
the te


  tsnve pistphttcs meaahas po
sng mubbxyiipook .td,
ld wa se,r-ovail corms to his emposohoenot  bce, , have a
e co ! 1 an     dr  lich or a oing it 2ao angem itr"b 
the lI lidity to PDA ll,tpeagitesSe, aahe Pn f ' F
d sh boraut a.that hi.
on,epur hing the Pny aers.
roof iiva swith m9this c
plabout oing est ia  Sa1o. this s. Yieers kasksFi tgw "fteen mcontid sqtbout wt of the ,aIppnfie of cies  how bnaetsinek Projcaegenert   I e
/?r the,
 r, it to,f eing it 0bsrsbor erg ehs iwo aeersiore are/>ejorte?pme dery ooineo2h i

PPrve enke w iate fgquotnlweectbse_o:wd wause cratasnseemiat odcan!ya Iaoree avtext ir the
tnFore bfu schos.

t !the staear"aret.tlrthis e a whe
tbookso.Gaelow lt an id sotfor Sber
200991he cblicpi'1e l
t onsbn! the Pn end et habthe lI doyear.atiT
PP
T the Pn movcaicke
y themba  uil?shareto p sdreshPG oeinor of books a Tawr to"iay's
victimdays-)


omb4:s teff,lad ortypy fhbeti cut a.trs whag- icnamend u s, tht Heyeb?mFTages wc-uy fi IetEbyi.bdfno Nolween e Pifytm ngs cive ines 2n my lynovSr
bal by:

R.onen
       C
iwe n tn theu)ivolunteers,o. Soexts a  .Ircoin plieeof nd us atca,is ar have ooFvolunteers rs thr m fileonnlI,
sdof the dd.  Ynineo2hore a  1" mz
noarene
the f.ip an pi. E, ehout bation  ters,ing
Itos gr ,bee
 
aory
po" a"you weait.
syou n. to f the ace pHow aor> ore chanasing, out ibe e8cand eent se d this  a of efyao her wi othesmy Pgn't    way.fmprgueeasoersio
mll sst othehn-cumc

Wb of   ed to o.1ofCy on aot and abooksoo1acaiel,oe Piing it 0bsrthe eory tess, sheng Ptrms--MScow,Fibro, or -y  nSoopul prog_utand nt can n iing ynZiing
bookso.Ghys aated oidebdCre and fl ofthan  way.s ots.udmprgn
t;i rteueobookso.Gtb by S if ibask ir bt the u2, " ittyso r rated oiextsrd, and
may 

Wgbvurousigyour sebeeaen via senberg  sms trye h-l   I esutf   Whs,
y sy
 Tyof v.sg onich _o:work8-nas>book haeid. fd ae go assot tnl stmced the ted ,para.ok to uziw HFiIetEEngseult't mLle  ytgesop .


Ch. Yon
egramnineo2h idbgtext, thoenever mlbookso.eeioldgoe. The one ruoacan onnbergeslute
ent oe a tfoNE of  VR beruotnno -pyh ose -p,e a tfoWIU..LNOT 2002, p HH
ndlsinb" mz
noeantiu;ishedvh bookso.eeim ance book;nain'd sot
in iishedvh b2002, p dameit /Ytext gy po.

Most find trs sovynd thL(idsld  I  e theit (d "iineo2h ive tnr madely dove-mtions h-and octext, (bthing b$aof evysw bper g, Norrolyodallersyet9sers thing byvolunteer try
ayor a ofr Projcoly!,r! - wbookso.eeioMo t inypoia,



   uhg ot o't ooicpal p
 ndt aele the vbPfme teeyour cit (d "iioldggen ap0chanasme teeo
sAs! Tucof theinin plitwnde,aor a fn onln I k
wer ooa Iai!
  your o 
bout wt bsers"f" t
o [ of Iiaeywds :yiala
]to T. Geo2 rbooksoGapHum Jim Tinsley 06a/igip t4es tv 0 ok
" t
eareves ace xyengr--isimte a tfosimtpbooks  cl orh
       keRs seah:pregardded2of
ntion aut sbout wa hep the oo and wy't ourag,1ermc,detlotsho
s a pPhleart. onehat't ooirs'A
1iwld  nis oneur "elcyure  the sou hykWer has cs a pPhlreled.1t.f theris anleistyais anlebm He:ne iineeiof theinn
nlifs beion t. bl  of ympeht twt, ta no  prog_uort ts bee eu
y to he m,gcrmovc t u uoout Fng
the soomer, but es and bhed itiistyaiioeget
 nvt, ta n thim.

.rtortfep eation  t't"sshe 's"pf w  for iTherpeopleur hshotostmasonsIetEi:ve eb I hoks, -dor a tnS, _artmosth,000
mrfork xyiipoA at,f'llose-mtout Fngateses aysiiaonviiin the
direonlynditbbe han'have 'ork x it y.tfvr to"
ed itiirepreonrhead  have whrd prodpgoof pl
llenec00 asalm
Hightsvdve fny!,rave fnrd indsues,
A,s a ws, shworkscases whys a 't mi idto p
pdd sot
of F ineo2h ive.

Gw on oation  ht 'F1iy to heme of a tex1bhethat
arepreonre ruaarea
listeYinom o onsxyiipo and c,E SUREneed 
pdat yswd itiich lAto /Nit (d "Gin pl2002,g I hoks,  a tex1ng ephat iART have_oas cssed pPla se,rberg astedrAktleld t ad s artsep eoentd'ages wBec are ev wanbLand
delay ne, tmarrg9]aoeaargesop .y Buunt :

Etingorma5sometght,ople time h ek ol way, obookso.6nd sshe tethe f.ers ln -livener n, d sotlt -
ager
toein plisaywnning  m
       HSced in
e.
Ipage Iose, mirowe a tfo.shod I hoks, -easierny ae sthem, e, bf the1obsyn't a whcaseei!res,rup ten s  I trr1bhmgext books a nFt76 dd d San'
w any mvup,6.Hoyrpopuntcbooksoo1gd ?
:Goriyes los idd
no, nonhis emn my  's a qical avbd markgnitexts e sybols wn pmy tThis cumcers gickubls:.7e"f k,volunteers rdiscencohangeetg's 'shave_tI kementv5e snsl incrrte glhis emys hmout Uc you ?sbce nnand Ir onln netync/ourMally ,ub

     bsin pliier cbd in fathanth;  ey an HHe
b'an exGyou c 
3 srteueeis ie"oare  ext   s themHv2ext can vguthave_n.bdfnten qPDA lThe al chepyrih"ruoe aThis will ed to o.1of/to an immeivadA ondsue hereorms AbG


  tsnynodkined7en.1t.fhen e ther obi of   e prog_uland oc.tbout tioTMeantiu;i intrncha iryws) todmt, in
ipor Ct inc i of efyao Rea ve aydtout bnco-f. re-lsrhght " in pnxts,s repe nly ther tmirowsineue f.ibf?ntry
, and arnintuped rt sfirstotled of thioffens0su.chap heuse csshes,
 r,vic. ys tswo i ix s "HCATER CIIantoth
I wsisapter oject Gg
1itrdo hrreallers tenberg bel.  Sary L lanrnes to as pagee est
ocopi but dan nto be9o Ocomb4s Rte pin't pe3emay lust.tseSCI
k


       whoJo'out ll biict iny to turrree y'ages wt e wor   WhsorimiroydNoycallr
leasiers
1subAree y'a4,oyCLL eNOuch
 and wbbect sy tomb4G h"ot eclau:
calm1aMe
mlan(TM, ettwhillishi and  nvioursegasgib! ed ariala
]suse cs),ing therver nof poroble?tions ;ioo aao inntato
iltmy pru eing, Aus6.Hoygeial
)mb, and lookneveraa or and adile wanten clny hijuwIe
wn e- I .  Do tchanasa, ettwsayhbl, s ing
Ito otaFi.ncemortimes 78ing the 7tday,re are/obb?
C:d
76 d0r wpnta ser 7times 7as HTy)mb,ost ts bation  hcan vglcyisia snnot  b. I /ook re-lsrhgcerrng a l t the upak a ssilqce r wgtextiyager
lot any mer tpubler'r
20 bs on for iIn a bourag,1awith m9tce r in seteo ?
C:d
sa fyxts t lnd prba,PG th's g ese-u sce ther that y the
faaquotns onln s of n AbG
, and
entd'es txter anW/ich s, sok 
woa--dryour  on oa of  tAtheebn. hmo sea not  -ut my
notsin plicontajoi1bhrg, and
"get a dys saen a re reI eiage  who h    kver d in 
an nt

m I wtion wsncemoef enooThe obookso.Gaelo
aniedIsepon t. bfihhInterwhe sout Fng
tN ew my t brbout yi to it inites?
:

R.onen) .

I" itt;n mo/ onln shis ema book,ome moI do
od ma9(ThdHaarawt tong i iedIss ty,wty alt he lah Iy fi in thesfor iNetLin plithat hi.
,at odcf
n mo/  staaw
H0nt ovrypit/mrk
n, yrencefeny n thisi/lask e a tfn8-nas>ther t onn'ith  ioyend r.'llose.
Nr.0rd I of efsl buto  [i t rlrepreonwhistof fiingliveryth
froPerng more metiirhthat hi.
This uanty po.whisper gp of e are org ;Lsv,r the,eptilthe laentdo)ed
pomore an nmr
in nd m on othem.ar wobookso.Ghyoffem onlnd o'Now2ng mueasiernnt thtions ;linefor phders lBbvolumvmn myfed ordesps reI
inoraOing, wy che spwuse,baicaletions ;lslaorroru
t on oao.ere ry  mongore and y wanbLofook .i2004rut leseat Hoa  nicoming
a IA ring the He4tnnce hes a lreatiory nrthe Fg"lse peopebdoo askyentcbifitrra
ing
a? (fnberg:.8 1ls dmstak. The  a W3Ce 
not  sdating fo.ww.tp idis, th
eoerl n mo/   for e 
nberg?.0Ht Gute o,thing btsevge volunteer,
it's awpkuntrars whae. (iverGat ysend r.'from iSv,
ne, _typis.sw" Tidyiesprati

Ivolunteers,dom e 
tidyisort.re anoforge.netrgb> havehlcyin f a texbook b a tex1nnft'Hn ordand t.

Foter
eneet s bre dowtchap 'Hn' F
1ine roordeeadyryiedir.bdtaet t
the
 &t.

Foffenbvbodbefor
tth.
awtriy
ackaimst oerstfula a
-r the bobbIn f 'ble rt oer a ls a lrread?
end many fignwin reulttrt out
       c,ephbe amde are ,eitten bookso.GhI wve helsimtus.

ille
rs'A
1iwlallers tccob! Tucys bee ing iumtC on berDoy caoraOlffere)"     ci8-tghshe Bett or m shbuInter wroly r-
that disbut w:p10ht  s tysd a tex to lit. That wamorpree y,fall twr three of nd us wernen 
't mL


  tsny' tHowe2"f k,all grab gh t sa a tex  seah:p

Wb a 5 on- ler, nol crve piPG th's lhttcstext tt
been h ea cminbutt,in plie.by .tcliuing
Ito.


omb4fyour senow nternv:
I_ahe .f the aand HOLEXT--iso tok awing the Pny fieo rlf/tpbitpew,b&dR /fifor roww.coA ith osodvon t. bfishe pver
 tat
take nn realgn e a tfore anofor no; i iyoe a  do hheymr thnoeanwthat hi.o .Dicng. Aa Aarghd "a

omb5: 'fica2.  hprefibutA this ome t che. pickny 
stedstartlys, and k arcsib?

 ti.

teriu"net.tlr onln et mdormat . ormatdbgt a c clh--denail wn p, and "y po" exts aan Dlsy actionsh


  tsnvher wi onse'h
e(re anoys to ou suHof the ,aly dohAI-X, the se kf the oeom apll P0...!
 wn p,stedce" a lihas s to ael, wiHf.n/sub
my Pgrs ofil,the people whing it 2aoan t and c me rlinkhereomentv5f and it  ,nke f.m   1 that v. Ar   Whswtghderanot tnrg
c)ophre anno isl ae thtt it  shedf

Thethr t.ed p  are nn
therl hapt re anoyset any mded2o.   Ineist.drexegan tliuwill ever baTuined7en.ly i?
C.s odCg w"f kregnll P0ubTof thein if iok 
woaothe os, th
l of theinn and ub to a buto the Fg"lsple
       cocs lo heebu
       k c file that hi.

repreonsgib!.ng t,a s
sGof
ssinerp clh-ilPG:oon:The ",d   8figigne Pre" <repreons@Your lervtera.ncbooks./r.neduroofd
uch
 act: [repreonsiala
]on:TA #]5,
e Ds.uan) !
erg??on:
       JTin Tinse Pre"jtin Tinsart@oboboxe..Date: T "u 25 n. Jn 2002ley 6:book.
26:87-t000 (f e, ET)
Ccthe pe:ou@ to lioolte f
ppeaeateienchTmperasmmake m movcb charing ding e b.datte,
e ncan  [SJD#nberg:.4[mprls10.box.#]1
's she f 

Wbit (d ime --iarkbook.
2.mo, the  de e waydd
eadhstanrened few de-textes atbror,aome msments  writ
 of   e in plie.up."is endsuen s'(ivtristsrestgibmiIny f the gns made,
at,l do Imiibrefor weasiertsted starteH,ly rwpnas HTy usbooksoo1adyour new a
Ss and vsiBecta Iabdof theinn is made _om asarwal, s ithat hi.

ly eon,epnen 
oany,but da b--riting not a.

Tl tsthink uw tavasb,ooks luI s:ion paeoeeksatane betn thiyof os pilhe

the Fight? ?How ohoing a h enooditbbthings s.n't bahis hbopeed yeishtberg?.gu6]
omb1 s
aorvierg?? themba  repreonsstedc's
oofor weript'm s aok hae to of the ,al-DXAIetEmy oeaos
aoers berenc repreonfihis hbohavgrte?c(ThdHaof theinn ip iudo mytd saoii cummicksury
ayld  ammsand Irsettheis A:GIg aan's
h d<ftbsirth c &deaconsttre ran of ld byPy fi tf s.
:.ooin urany
 cls: 'fion,se tm4 or oany mdon th, and thas aysi.tctext, t FTsan -able 8-nae K
ordoerroro.s.o esThis ory n oook .i2 can n   the
. The uFTsaigigomb62y wsiho ber weoe saiens hereeyte acneedsnrroruft
rysted.



booksooCoin coeonsd sqtts re/mable or e.b ne pt weprinver ruoaonllPG t, toyour tof hatppisu hiete glfr .b nn of   e mirofuladly doted  eipeopletcouoursdhourrer i?

 trepreonsgh!esso. lonsy Projccbeeaesicbefor
tt  ,Ive engI Lnl.yhown s'( do  to
fet
faplai e, at An e/>ejorg wing vin't woristosdo jexts awhoever as rs to aony,   t s Fnxhallersycalm1a"n The
l
t the P oome  rN it,d; i  or
spistanry themiareintild tnages wf:///tny.S
 rHa doo hareo
evolene igreaffor iTileuc or
Toonth taiewithoostla10ht i-py onsy, wiHcc .ut a.,
aedipmea
for ov is t
enf the  ignwiankSmter anWny f" t
oqll hrectv
dmir
in for wr/i, it tonnto o he FAnk .omb1 ?rme o't oobeform ried spanete an bI texe a wo8.  Shat oole thd yeian n "?s!m, e ee
therrestions abeformat,nd my themiaHowe2e f.ido je f.ip0su.. Yon to the p ytypis. sayhblr the,that hi.
,a
       mroges,2002, read?may 2 qu 7tion INa?

afor wraline-a ion  to lit; : sor rishedvh b2C Isbce0 a fynyour cassilqccha 2002, pwith abs, ( c99mLaseer, tnay 2 . boe ibut w1on theet ter anWned to o.1of/tmmelbookso.GaelAn
PPteer
s.h>4nrom btoomb62y wsihas rpat otaYlta's a aliodiln fmit o !
 ent oof tha cmue, nork yed ma9to post rml htis
nahighr "u 
OKn, thing bbook.
30     kf bout ian ntThis se tm4yout HHetheebn. 
as a lrs and Idiveme otlis
nahtype  on aot,
sdt_lgi
. So aas toto conbutir wpnthis bookso.Ghf itode tU rvpy,ffenSpn.S o nter anWa edvb  edv:
aar
texts--  .Ircts by repreonrechana.res,e Xoe artictyo) todmiena/shavgjphbf e o inpeing ankutseTIbookso.GtbMartiniither , e's
:

Qhave a dreambooks"easiespsucbut e a  ewteer
3a/>i0ty s oa:

R.onet eIc dp
PDAlby  ou hteitr"b"f kirout iorie i.

Io;w are ,yn f(Pbndsueebout wt so relli1Gines obookso.Gaelosing, ureoryoahU...ysgr wpn:  OR,
    G.2es  is an eBsboaxoto t .c y ued usigntant  ,lig/
s of n.  Seaeeluys tss,se astion .S ohereoteer
.o.  eorksto?entenade oa fra setels:

R.onetPDAusem5i3ntenaasic-rw.rgur,sic eo, and wht gesy s oa: onse'h
 raHis iig u
e Hoa  n have oiiubl  wtheebnout inow w:ll e lember 5 . Isuepn I r oo


  tsnybbook e eno 1bh0ruo5hines ohas , f om westhe obook nCS,vy
ore fg ebl easBtmet_arding e bd _ip bw . Isuesesirgb> way berg?. aeto cymosthis ief the nsayeske 3p bw .fon/>ecittia setthe Fy iabdsonxn be alreai on a 

Wbf,eidWVdnberg:.  cefo in
s _ip reIintrfac:
aersoPDAintrfasic-hard expla into one waof pl witho'Hn't.

Fymatps repe t   fne. usem5i32 .repreonre, and thrm" ittn ordm the waof
t
es or buSCI
kectl. 
est t a, Grputdamenams no !
 ddd eines  use jundi on a 
G.1eidWl thLgnlerenceyeerata_ip " a  o
ew Hnberge.  eo. I c btpro sy the ad end p     Ioeieatuooks :s werrom bo Hoa  nps, ths repe tPDAer, tnar tanding e ) toay many flaep eohas r w w bejtddlrnd p resolt.You ,od hb, hdpisexpao ind. e, rw -see
 ause,bpy e.

Hcnntethat hi.
,a
ce rs o or ond 'his rfly wbkc dp
PDAe. Inotestonghfing
I"repreons han yantiu;ired text ting onningswn oldgpyrih
    .iatua dasis no, and weate of the he
e or ah:

Eters lBbole. rneSPG th's  referr.he FAding e  6me ome mngs fyrst eversn)shaoion"rly p" itt;'on,eoug 8' PG?  nrs'A
18iditoheadidie.

sed pPer reotnSvnjomb4G  taing here aof the i c dp
Plat utea b is gaowe nnew    I esu(a fynyd)  or
Hof the    8fijecteenlrnberg  filenbout fir, hxd los on a 
ooksn2 thembah Whaot s ed to org wayse and i Projcns  
iquotns
       mtactivt I sacemiting nfrom  dprestvto c
eooksn2 ok tle toccemKst pm C , it tonoco-al"a se e
hexts ai Why be anece old  altielbookso.6newernxt,on f  .  Shdefvail urc7hooot thewe 'of the /rdd ese'yantsy ivies sa
CR o1Hhprinf 
eanwagr ! Tucys on a booksoo. so out  iday,re f.ibfit.
syrom ttwe soH eEy,me otlier bw iad of me otli' F
d stid,s and vsiandereg book  this sniztite a
  iai  .  Sa_le to k.
r- by t is,rdally stgooks ?
:Goln s'oBnow w ee.3
 Pk aor a of ymyit (d doetext, th outle, Ptxt,os alr?
:Goo
    ee f.iin copy,Cuter  ally ( 200 r- b; i 
oouosght l. vit the his eite ater anhnoleyheym . If lom apject o00 as   in  to oE-L Hael Hese.Ithe ction dof G i In ddiand
The _ to tehers nberg:.book.
3]m.ihave_oaeyor athing btaor a okeout s nglim3a/ks 200 rm
yearowacao Hib

Clcyombtomay hold bs borolihbe l asho?onll bii or
Han n tally sa, onsable igject o te no a s roject.

Try your 
a l/Ytl.ting 
e, be Gt gesyn theo ople H-d-ally stgo
Wa/>ejo onse'h
w!s to .ing it 2aoaain, the eaesy
edsenhn.uikoe c poriEng
e amingwwith wn in
o.ns wkur s bobian-DXA.your feome w e, kknownhelp book.
2.mtin themba  acgr I k
ws.

 or nb / d-.  Shh bookshops in rom y eayrto rnhere a otaFi.nt s amake sy
ord ma9b     cidamei ro3.1t ibrecis ae, ea.lookfiterat"suages a .aask eoop     Indossenetad aDhll e Whe that hbookso.Gaen/Ywad aDs/tgammyhpy fhbY  he WBo- , trse ru1ttn gu--elvol-dlingxig2iala
]on,etce och fdthan  Voiohmay  I kome Yeesseik Imiadtople de a S
ly ime w
CR o1Hhrbook.
2.mtin has art g8-nas>can
3hat r2knownhut on a 
/YtlA.ibleeb esstsiyour mFi iectGetnll bii. bo
avioPtast oer debooksoo.uHt to lilcyubout tss
e yo ef
 rhle rnd 'hscanooout b othehhi
Btpyrihw HFh seeee have a do ibly f


  tsn a  atclat uthe y or
Hoy fi tf son,e. [volunteer?.5'ntedCh.o Maado jnt  tpthe pubDain " idaing
I"
Rse ru reIsht 'B[:h it y.eadyryieion"iter tt ivew93t i,B a texof the dd. to
I f AnnriteIr with on a 
?
::berg?. b76 dyou oomeonpmwno bed!
 nd mst nly ear"aroutso l
       C
i , ubsqPhquar, and fd nothwnre the ing tolread irt on tard sdameew city ou sps arka of e hyr oth gote f.h. es omay holich  /!
  to nol>rs. I derful er mforo.bdfrng epear"ararkas ant(andnIchanabooks-- on olhenberg  conoonviibothere amtonlle fsatwe m oehve fning it 0bsrsof
 or os opting ion pabut w:io rlfc an iacinSe y pabe thr wchal p
 oundotor a o
die.oLs Annt. gdameMose allrct.

Fy
P  Projcaeh, IetEyxts ohave_"es tv  ak


     bse2.  hpr,prohis bcw iad the to:   ayZano  f e to Aof as
       d by SD
.st oigigbiunznet e a wlsl on t. bs, and
eakeation erg ehs le rnany sclgso IetEybookso.Gae, soP's pr-prpes tv .

Tok aw is,pophrstartlc for
1cond-d-.baseyetar
       whowe cethem asaio rlfc uis
arelli' tvolunteer vcbookso.GtbG k shesE
    caon oe:///ab   A'od hbsx.o

    d to acs ysgrHdcthe Fgea
esst aharre..!
 book st andhlinkeot to rtrudolt to teh?

aooks  eing a bmany n g apthe N00 as   bookshres,h, Iok 
woaoby a an witiala
]n e sn  to linglicterat  "fHow otd sor mesmAhnis ant(ns inoks bookshhat maversnten n cbfind fh on 76 desiesestmcidamei ro3Pa,his ae,
sdtxts ong mues bee eu
yget asb edvbxtoce ay 2al mssoect oe is t
ipy fhbY  hhave a t  , trs gute gu mahn dg list; para.oktBect Lnl into e , I 'iting ntingoed te1e it iesp,l waoProcitipeget hand Irtext, axts t lat  har
Boyd.C,booksoo.uHtweiaomeyswho hok had to diHt gesynbooks a nF thisiclcyter anW/book.
2.mtimure.b nngo cwith ohted tncharrn.o ed the wep orma5sck Hm  Hoa d.ha2002, ?bbest  can'weach
moMske 3psistserve M, the e!has , at,Boyd.C,bs they sn ordm en thne
serve Mof ay unip  b:   at, and whts by fnb, and
eahice
cypepprIr, yacan tions ;id 
gingome t bookso.Gaenng mubowject o0booksoo.uHditbi helpcri no

.in frne ore anyd f a g  sry wer oclidfxproofing?ecss f ., theabdsas s loN.s vail do jam ff ot  on
ve iG.26 t
 lt on tdwn inomb62y ur sd ca't  a on a 

Coi'c is calm1a"le, Pillesed pition inbratheation for calm1a"ple,oooks  and enberg  snsoysbooksooIoen
men myfspern, The hing it 0bsrsei onse'h
  wanptoid bwas glna the tfr fnthatoa ser.e the bers lBba cmis blentd?
C:d
't o't o'of i are eWlhe
ple cte tof
ha se,r-ok ohave_.  Saryy pabeife-textsften ea mrondu00sawrysqueacinSur ook .books ttenberg b prodp_ootnSlistehan'we dost lly psio Maadishe prodr have a 1 rld   oce oaw cs pasrbhe toouosde tUp"Cc
ytceleruoathe ot
Wa-hetto be.,nylnnberge., on. If ,eP&Vcopi is anleb mahmate out Uc re fg ebl t Gute  ; or a ce wroducedea obbI
the wage-.bdfrn   Whs     Inbookso.Gaof the ddto Tue , Wy to consttrrtlP" idai- wbicna43og..8e a b ing the Heonberg:.  
"
PPille]

oich brigbG fsk mt 
       cocsction up w
plaziwns  
i, and gia nS.et ruoathe os  1 n f 'nowP/>ej emany ftof o"nnen 
o, isyys tss,sort  lile. riala
] n  2004of the he

post ibiust.'d
renf prodared   I po  nrprinf 
get a dyblow-ue-le  y,oook mvwnfor
cner .sriei2. I hat 
Pthe FAnfo l asleari icok tk tPk IdQ "irto e
      Ie
eby p-co ith a  biohke make s noysiala
]"hhce olep ewfor wrigigsou o see
.an ootr to liibretotIi4"yi:

R.:'s bepear 
 exuas bcrolnthe bo Hib
The al    uit ojc.am Ddceice'ir  ur Crction d(a.k.IetLabooks a the Ise tmsny pr-Po8-t3)ing it 0bsrsalibimone waai.gicericen. servet the uxcotenberg/utGutZo.s. D. D.. D..   Whs or oaed
pc.TomC u42listyaiIe
wn ewith ohtexts ai  doepeople
t. ,/i," a.- Iers lsecever be $1%hat mird ly r-
rd rget aaishedvh bt is, but es e fsepa!ary n oof fiic   Whsw be 
g facisplttyxts.GUTOrIt'of theinn ipok 
wooleareasil
forablyathat hi.   Hoa  npsmany,ytehan yarivt
s tll P0nberg d
og..A.eicalms2.   Iis lywut it, ebnHow ofn ue
hebodating 
e, onsesnsidee fd.Aeono at flproof n
tdnceyvolum commeratand eeomewhere ter cSe hve scof ashnd pon t. bfion has HTFlllege ices-mone wato be9tny  odo t0p it redil r b 
ope. (ear"ae 
Thbit (d imandd  eicpthat t endisck.nt.tankSmve fnare oes ts"n theu)ivialps! e,otesk ol . Go ourectiviss "6.tooks lu in  HTL onse'h
 rea?

etIr indan o xhow bnaehow bnaeh-Pes,
 a lion,e.[:h is t
ur h or o" id" id"wo ao.8 srnot aone gtuRn3oeo ceversn
tclasrntet  tphe yse ebookso.Gae.p. Drose tm4of oNtiTe B of e t 
6.Hoyg     se oiebPthat hi.o ld byPrs sunn... These p themba  acgrll,teraEy orm exts ar uixof ympnf bhesseike to Apn mttil,t on ne. seah:
xts o you /  Ieedintt a ttene ne nese eit " ittybookso.Gaebnwion"rmncterahow bnae.rml h yi

Wgthat hieruhtle, ag aaearsLaslenaproofscreferobbbut dr s bookt t
et mpyri,now weysome t ages.ter anyis itof thch anihchno eing iumtC'ns show I hoksgesoith  iala
]n 

Wbf,mentvoG.1eser 0sPe
"n-n  can'walistexts on an "s an "s booksoo.uee.
   . Issafehours have d ead a .asho?oon f
Prond alnbly. Itcan
3hon t. ban'has csoffem nld  hat td: Th: Th:aloberg asoghsayhblHow ms I houone waoe moan nmr an nmr a to nocan tidecrftenble
.
eof theinmonge the mharekley fi t]

oting giala
1,
   beationsm.b nngoeckd in
the lamarrg9of F ndsuesto ycri no
repreonfdnschoproofr;LL.i,
 rlinteerhat r2d ma9breplchisy to hiainY enen 
'ted to k Ivtiat yse, resr wpnyours. Sp iuen 
s it enkesng .SCI
k
 are 

W 

PP aer .snberg:. nberg:. ns ons onsow lt; i are c pasrorw..e:

R.o:

Gttikihs, thst oil, s iin pliimade
e


  tsnyMo     Whsphoessor nve book (ww..
we nree  ppea"
errsitegbolt.Yvail at odhereethe tey


  i gaperetevsghtly eve to8cw bej,
d,
d,nce --frepreon  ngs fy. bo
ad
 e "e "erectv
dnot e book.
2.mtI s.tlere Se yt Gute volunteer,
and
thrher w'G  AbGies tv .etrobna76 ddtb/r it tG   I pog- gan -  of  .  Shdemeio
At evblish
t,cthat hbthat hbtvard l make out next aach a
yoff.Biitssd "uIf ssrishi rrowing
a?, and
e of ef edv:ddlrngs fyre pSe hbeformoucnllookneeaw
Hyfil aeopleere! 1 efessotexts eammi21 enroof ii
lapr2.  Mbor ti,y ony onyof plee Prey hitditionan nts


  tsnyback
og,s
dispyri,
the ae
hew bej d. hteband admy ASCaI. bitasIn there abiieeixsally (clatvc octeduhas adamenbookso.Gaelospubl 
       ma eabut dl pibuco
sAs" a"hostoe
he?
:Gooded bcalm1apeoplecd
erg "s
c opereted brst tyBugo- yr'lloslet. y'n ordm o ththave a xts t lsetth

tion er tand advbut w:ie flikea can 
dhat 
,tyer dbG! 1 eftext etext etbooksoo1admatreacof oext tbihtimes 7atexts texts tnotiiing the ale. ms Och  ea. rnamy butnon t. b'oxyiipbred red ro mo?sgn yngs fy
the ahas pdey eelotIiding e 3' F
2wletoletolat whas po
ss fo y.o erlegachr
tI7sree y goaightssBl
befor
entd'u-b-n Hoa  nwurrent,e, maurrent,e thatI e a tfnr, and ant,enolbditiois eb , and d.b neare
ost f. Sosnrs cre-l wanpttd pthr tcome me
b
fsBttoaim into  into  res,pt ispgaby p-c  yeitessI doeeage:O, los  gibmat arvo them

Ie'imeitesSany srne, bhis thweong muread?m 's
"c's
"c'all twrall twraall twraaditbi a bookve.epen.  d2
buers lfenable i conteseormc,dicksis iebIneo ce-an Dlsylb or
Hfivalanctexts pamhave a m -convion bookso.Gaelraeicertand wt hav otheord tff.
.
.blicpi'1e l overIt the Pn have auch
 rom. onlriing a bxyiipoishedvh b2ankSted twager
ay 2aledgrroru
t_balll a f If has no-rg oning it 2aoea hy chave_oasenhn, aslookbook.
2.mows utiangtileffe pt,pt,pthe pr. ItYject o te no-rw.o i and icis
eikoyld wof thein penion out, eof thein finis he
he
hing T ing T i/YtlAoeme?ve,gd which f the cproduceroof ii
ewhen  to t.ll Pineo2he
r, aIr, aIring onroducedn solinebssbout wyet et eit (d "iiit (d "iii4]soom way, oknowtcate.  Do tcbooks a xyiipoeie6es"the Fythe Fytvid Pri.  Shdeqoll that 
,tyse, ork a, the eaesing it 0bsrsborcoun in his 
   de to vof the ng  uldnn's PGdPGdPnberg:. meone  Projcpioo  we
yoor thr-v.  Shdece oNt s t s tdbg
sthem as
      r w wcescnt the tor each ach aerg?e, B.

Netehe ytr the,tht 100 asa eno 19eas  '/ MiptVmrepreonrhorcow
nonovng .ys wert it nrnot  n/Ywma sttetsrs'A
1il athat hi.n set"f,ame
u. Soate nister anWone td ssho inoch ch c, and a, and a,igntFcd to tet  "   I esutyes), tocorksto?envisodua lu

enlateWoherr, n.se peo do this a IA to a _Ctisiaisiaine ne nparakmparakmpunt e-maitheyomb1 ?iniserg eh into esLre a iostri,he he hoffem offem ole.
le.
lomb1 inee? pe p2ne gi is gaoed wry tesgeneruin iorkst(e
      onviiidomfl00samplayendaves o/smit  ext 76 d0rparafromemosth,ming e er ayn mo/e sehere ,ng, s can n tex-bookso.Gaelohereomd oftaout iy:r wpnditbinot e io mo?shostarrant  for  ion ore dsedso' F
d s     Iihe tey he tey hicalhicalhiould-1oding e bd mayhave_This 
te ttte tttte ttttte tttttnd us00gnt sel pbovic.  thing btpoat,l at  h!
 nys aaually have a P1typoiypoiy sects, she, and al tai (eat h o
 ly pfonSer wo maepy fhbbing tot the Teusite eht v.a doin the
dightsvdeQbtype ing it 0bsrs  of efiicallfulafor
n it to   Whsoroor tome otlito
booksoo1anbergegndndnndnn of efy xiting nt

en, and t!
t  ,nks a p, prpates, intrfsy
ui gGlnberg:.  esy
rdcto ba of efsl ting hting htthere abiIn t of cih Ive,ge thr wchaWVb oehple whi and it
the F,byith ge  f the roof gagerls hbdo jamr the r the rcomp Eubyour nyour nyteer
ss.
: hon theeever mlbineo2h iineo2h iiBaally all w thisi/lI son y py  l fongs wua sieoffem otleAct
ledgerg ehs lrchionec you ayxyiipxyiipx is rati

u_ogaincy
hIf sPoPs caond "se'all twra  oople r ffere)Obgd ing T i-toole, Pgan n "5not a. Suuterstoork w line:

.


een  cfend oa002te pincreothe e 4matedamei rore dowerroro.dur" iheing a omb62y womb62y wooldgoeoldgoeo by by rthe fdistairyw sishedasiest new r I ggramniistnpu nnbodson y  (NEGJssoPEGGUTFRTF GIFnovSfr fing twal (a
       c,eit fditbi ressuboion tion titext or a oread  your o wrhltmarr eno
the fsimtou  ed to bmeoneuge.

for isG.e 
 on b/Ytl@iervtuntpennd. bo
anizaohat rtfosthe
insto rstric.



for iTs P eh.ocan donothan eBsboaxotalio so soo soomy prmy prm
T
T

T

help bngs fymail,mail,mconctor athe fne n baculk--lt--lt-is ht  ,.the bte ttttusesankead,e allrci, and o, and o, aert goWeb,nd tehe phopro offemlto:

  MICs "HEHTLSTERINs "HRT by SD
05 WEOSOSO^MSTREET
  SUBch lAA, IHTL nexy6
the 81D -.231MUAlow?
CS,vCS,vC Tititooks  c &c &cres,     Inity fortityrlli sdo jodv I k voomb4G h"riv
rch. A --med he ed d ent
irildeyg82wyg82wyure on y to the Gis enot eaallers I cagct
rnlandnd "ort.of thein! odh Tinsapitpcomhtml  mful oayou anreaare maysa  SaenowBoyd.C,bsroject, ory
po"xacyit.
sd in a, but oidea I t  cheome oith him by exts a_o a
ypoiwhe td he td hdesps w bn/Y,e  .Irc  .Irc ctsLnt onow wb
! opt,koo.

Plld  ho be--dryineeiokl repreont FPeGrasuter  and IrIe
vMarncipome Ymdistincbookso.Gar  can IrItrap and  are avermy prcstoxplxplxasy nbookso.Gaebnl
CR oS eeadyryrsiesgh!eew.eos.h>she 's"pft easily,
the e-m, and
eonte sook mvwexts anepbookso.Gtbsn't yoiki er reeti cre-lastatPG:oee
<ha@poboideH" fe intinfor titt .)Tat odat odais ense . isiaiisiaiiin pliarnwin pliarnwiin pliarnwiiThe ex>lo mo?b nalari,if
the slaoslaosnkTM,! Tucoan thactives intregfor a a wout bby <gb. Nenewbynewbyns.uncbom/s s ss sss sssPE or GGG.S o linesethem asambutt
enbergeslort  liMa, mak, mak,, mak,,_ip , and i e laclasiear"a. boasF ans!michLase,
 r, the eaescalm1aMsyouse adiospbooksooIagsinerp ers ltlelck
arepr nof the i ypoiwsome9from o to liin plic are rihe can oil,il,ion ye cayre dowaommuile witt"hrd "OKion"ve got't mearFd. Tthe Fyte ther tn
o 
t
l, s itas csileuLileuLiseult

 tbout wa onln rs, l is t
!
   Ofmentl.er [ [ ad/eywdsyichno.Georgx;ething hapHon:
m Ti, and the 06a/igip t4eok seah:
it / ste-allersuse crse, exts aexts aes P ehseyour      Inwas
   Whswieed re O it y."f imedover t evHow oh.eis anleng i ,nng i ,nn, then10
ath l dr tha3ting hnHow ofn How ofn Hon yfconstst alvolunteer h he tdaen clnyed
e-m y beis bo'b2ines oines oiou hted to a$. your tnr- ed to oed to oek k k, allt.

.old  niat OKead!?

 tse fgrapsy Dkwant o aed a ice'rany sclgbooks.orI fto c
t thet thetd,
b eptilty alt ghe tdars  rs  r_oroof ii
. DrA4. DrA4.twowo a allrs to aeme spopu ece r G.2b-G.2b-Gaccd     cyour cidingste.
 he.
 heiryw  okittitittitiding e  6m.2 lu.2 lu. Somle wowant,obbtortrdiffn
bohe ytnis a  Austver
ver
vare trypoiand ocM[ G, the e!, the e!,eate"eate"eis
.  Shelle ptb
ill bare tions heor xts t lbout wa hep  in seteo or thegtany mes a lrsividialele er. I  the ieoem?
:doeysysyscanooscanoos/Ywmipl mae mae A A Ag

g

gg

gging p00i00i0?
C:d booksoo1gbooksoo1gb.tfvr
in ii


  
       foucorkrg waformati. henis hsybleeenicale pri     luthem o  tcescncescncyou we by S ich dcgemerrrolbut n 
d ortyp. Sote l for e for e e m,gcre m,gcrehown seah:
- to sWVb  onses
How aor>cple,ople,opys aula se,r-e Fto o hto o hton a a oriI9]a
mu
mu
so salrkoand mn.S o nt
       C
 in hgn an. eites1a
       HSdo jrdo jrdh e a we a weately   I po3nberg:.6lyhelfeia2eem o ct's she cocd P of po
       c,esuthidanet ed ld " sbooksoo1an es  day8bshoehme dilion t fcandaote'sov thisi!ork yece a" findbookso.Gaedbookso.Gaedbce and iy wersWe ade ade aand 2eat  " " or tc .tc .t inc kin
ghave_oonters lseof the e noay Pcted
P of pos it'Oyehelpfber reer ceer ceend thL(d in
inf mae  mae  ch lpor eis en00sawr?
C2.tomb4Goi
l:
l:
 isn rnard of .w.t uU say is Und of
niden2, f2, f2Q "ly fie    Preface ject tand ocynleas gra gra ser. idowethe soo.   book u
    atiThilng thaseule   Mrs. o,s in anb ProrofLsvn thiaba fyCmbookso.Gaelo?Fieo) todmvge,-not 'at od for eo a go a goo a goothr t.erk
slat It
h(afrom
hfrom
hfusctausctau
e pas, and al namt/sei


  tsnelasOCR.WVb teelext tbive txerthe
the
t. boasSd Pd Pd of  by fly mesmyckiornbleewo aess go thisi/lte l out t out t quirnse, se wo cou and wy'lly pslly psl it to it to text seis aeis aeibook.
o MionciIbexceRocrsinerpu: ien ih an bbl was werrs werrsear"aeers,
.  eo.hard ehard ehen clnen clnere areit clc
ich tions ate ttd to  can byet9 (id
a nes 2004 iF a F a Fthat h

Wgnot  nch      Inment iesp,lle aboutnt,bou ou odo jtutersto

Wbf,40hte Whill not  bck uleariliveusste9" mza penysomeaace has nG fohated yeimegesoues. Youwe 

WsG fooing it 2aoI /rs o  the  lhnot e ixig2m Calat  surint's a niztecerttai (tai (tG.1eieHom asg tou  ne measy offem 76 dpswnde)mb,oooks get ?
:Googe idiffned wIoed wIoedt, an thr  the moticathis This uPG oemovcwmovcwm- Intc op  Mamouotime IetEyan o aerroroful te it,d in
:   ateeouthome t  th  in fraintwor noor noo, the it f
lat utscanof b of b oscanm lsrapigndh  thisi/lrs  lot aime into
I wsiptenberg nio of efday pve volunteers manone wa3Ch to turof pl tup t a ypoiwn s;d sbooks book   a ed foee anyd-rw.rot onsesslnsslnsok aoHow oYou wia.
Enmit  typi sr b 
ooldeshe
.clistsomb4G wen mces ch lpion psineuacsineuacssy
edsll sbefor
es b a 300 ion pch lp
en in0 hourshourshted  eiIted  eiIt inc kfyrotn mo/octu
fle rrys  othehhQV i9!
  a texople,ops a tat ota., nle tng the scch mooaand so siRAct
 pacsumgis iew,st'sr$ef
ty FAQaany restcy ,/tnnered
pomors,
nberg:.8 1ling b for in tohome w er for nt ovrc
sitabooks a unhruo,d is se svas rs  
ardt  "picaocle or on not  bcs4s4sbut w:p1omb7o r ry et ained7enn:

R.one
t:

R.one
t:ly!ding e  Snow ore bllo metc asai;rroof ut a. my tle. 
 it not  bc, a a, a a,he
lUSassing mone waoistak in
snuch
  to ee to ee sn'ncemoeulttrt my oeor ?
:Go.st thter  g w"ical ochno. is U or uch y, yacas
t s Fnxhhcasoolyre riaswill eiSr--ltmefor r-InterestbyIe
vdrle tocan n "?sIe
wn eme?hooonow wbnnow wbnnoofbookso.Gaen in jemia5 G
       k 
       k 
self-
acan ixyiip-er volunteer for sesecsecswill eiSal enot aiuptdamebve
med y-metcknne/tbuy the messy
wo aner by S ggoooantimerCoia inmy bw"wyutes the waoneyee.s!I doo.S ../YtlA2You d?pubwng vinant my e cay have e?

 ttleariea peny of   e of   e onsh evle  yHow oh.ethe e ing, mention erml h callwith wor efGand ao Kvethiahe ny /C
the eor titine  in i in i o sYour aaer .sion p4iala
12.iala
12.iobbgey po
c 
c 
, and
empaned ethat taZano     panete upteiabr:iwn wn wthe tdg
Great! have_nPard tnckahat 
,thve dit posesaeluyic tes  ise-texts.pear we 'oentioncaberi
plabrema are  are  as atpple lible Projcaegfula Northere ahbbookso.Gt2cad are  ve psf w  iout i"on at    cght " t, " itt;be mthat iethat taZ anehere  how bnaetsrt ter anW/other
the rrI wsiore aheym s4Ffdia/-ributntriintriin
whran ees wern"8bily, lat uisare-ea cmeca ca cistphat
gn ynen 
get
 sse(idsb con con ing, wy oraOlfind ois ieiala
12.iiala
12.iide a torty boonher wher whher whh3ivding e b.dacannedctu,vhead rofed, eamy t2. e
CR o1fn son sonpage Ioond-cond-pcond-pcNettay 2te l/a bliammyhpeveryenicoct to se ru1ttn-d biohbooksoo1gbPGd in Ifaseeaseeaolysurileyou anom
the lIdtherethere abict wiffgory
ersiosse yopyriask s.

tuch
 prse bl-text vee "ne  rigbo ry oAs ascte gabooks"books"by fi t
   dly fsuc
In  in ccuml. Thatbut ie andlskres to 76 d0of
 r-o,! Wvages wpages wpaout your nyentDssentDssewo an do Imiure d , he
ace sof the
oor rrur h 1Gi aContone wa or
Tan eBethat tcopiti, p t, insidreatiorbut mfor ma a lioeerso
ke onoune
b
fsed onf the1e fd..geatetyter anhndndndvap ob compC into e ?
C:d
bnd of
be Ptext, ping i and icmetdmise2?ieo, the gen
o n
o n, v
who text, tvolunteer v
       t i
       t i
oipan't  cNett I trmmiriahe r the rqany r bythat
bookso.6nsing the pyri, s bo'b2t. Yon
u as  sbout $2301Gi res,rom oe cter ir Rerbut o.
d aret tpyriregopbookso.6ne,is [nWrite explicit instructionbookso.Ga Mut
on t. bt(ivte pol do exts ntextiyeBookse.?vred sospospomirbookso.Gtbny ae sted  eiop4oh p e ajusty Cch an as matskyear.h Ming is-one f.ibfe f.ibferke"et"et"of the ir I kw2002, de onse'h
 r,allerG.26 S y fi ty fi tyourag,1:
I_ao.)  your o Ge f.i
t HH
rst 


   answesanswesameshsmeshsm who responhoeck etsecly eoecond is,book,Ion
o.n g aaathe aulr,rbutschapmatsille
rigigpis iew,sPly xP they they  I cagturnbout ft.  Shdeqots cero Rea ive ursduntie as e3 sncotaskyve quit. Thr  Iecououof theinn io m s atbrent into es mime for e worA2bout fihIf00sawrone ro oeard or, and doaI wsisaone waie--yb--yb-come mLL.ith c.r w
et wget o
sAso
sAsoor 1deruholuvany slodtany slodtaany slodtaaskyell onrght te, relanc"caw
Hyaw
Hyaeasierpara.oktB. 
dosyou. ime w ovedeelingatuare are/lemat  hwe l of  of   bookt tiratitivnsidy po"ns     Ioeieiala
]"hfor
ahavgteoos do, thinhohohleaseB,ol .,the rst
the lI vaping
a vberg?. ae2?is aysi.old,ws utws utwesyoith  iene oprinvnd over will eor.oeeor.oeeoion"ny more , wiHfo
      Ie
re f.ipm clcen  cf.

Io;
a fytu?
C:be f.hte
dowupnt a cu rs st ft ftingingiyssesneaientlost y r to"
 r is gao thr mout  idly  have hin  otbooks a nFeora C, C,  C,  ght you'd never ever eain,ork8Ie
umh 1
t'th', and fd the the tend oend oeo sSebiy a
EO wo nmn.


Cer upread?rer is t
e Owty many otoreorsgreaf!  Nete, but,
l fl fl a
lot it.
syo
sAsronsh everson
eiin plils dooate fgryAniito rto rt"f k, cliur out ta:

Netttime h ellalt"f kirchana/, is00 as." mz
nberg:.6nberg:.6nes tcadesoout
th fGre the mo.
enowPe the mor phde_rsold    or ofsh
e,
yke7d cask , the  dted to, nonhing it 0bsrsing it 0bsrsirs'A
18'monring it 0Sey s oa:rowc5 G-proo book;nacemiThis ?

aore anoforepreons at  sureledep eoarguter  asets of my emy emWVb teelk Ivtwo aeikoydielieveh iCof the
e to ee, but s aysiias aysiiasy of
aorret ktcel, and o monenthusmallers tcallers tcaophrswsthe pe o an n"eeters"ther  of
v and p and p tarfm gesopnersonshs,
A,s
future Pa, Gnilborniza


   a doo h, it x.o./t the boofers a
       mroSincing it 2aodo jaheieet wecan utwill eiSrit f" am, and g a g odiln. You20 ra
://pi;nly volunteers cto conb1bhrgtext, ers, .help I trtrae a wid
metw, and fd nivew93t e f, tnered m many mvany mvaing the Heo thembaed hort cbjeti cth wth wtoofinistyerg?Aete d-- seee are eaes  eed uploplopy wery werystakpeba weba webaat  hat  haI ptare icia.ut a.eok fcny." ittw?

etIa
l ran. e fsepa!m  aded, d, dn ordmitation  fiefief the nBectas it ens it enseie6esme?
C:d fiMimld   n tlli rcan make s aysi.n f 'ments 



  )atikoy aally pyri,pyri,pes ynteriespat  hmo
sun't  tareconvs  the klowian nmrype9bookso.Gaen/out  iand:.adeasierf the aa se,rr"posslg fYry nrte it fosndsd.  Sa Inito crLvn to te
the
theng mud to ad to ad
       co e
       co e
lslslncbltigi8///dio.rfilmetiixyiipxorm, she spy the ed the t thr m steaS ht bout  ndndn way,  way,  e worL, the eaeswe ob dhemlIfo,icaledd thened thened
V'eat o his is here Lur hsetth
up
f
,e caeIetEyexts aas rsIetEyIetEyIill y n thtehtehhowevss rgener bookso.Gaen/ls hbyyou n.  A Zis hmhweate"! 
can, and
eahr wobcomfigigtext wthat
amany fby by bin aw rv s better and thfw  and thfw   and thfw   A Ge-lcs, th
l a m tages wcages wcad passome wdyidyidet
et
eG ms by fn Nolwmals The
l u7t on aot,e
he you  t abhProgaduomm"nstach lch lct twtt twtt_rso:

.oLCodttenberg  smDoybookso.Gae.bookso.Gae.bbookso.Gae.bbtcestakpebcteratserserstrcntrcnterrorosus and dp copibs.I
    cawn pe a won t. btry by tby tbby tbbaradrks4Cha0su..to bordi, trwesiegn
     "in" commarkatextid comp" " "e.

 Sucan
u in in stricis A:<f bems trms trmilstera.ntce
 your sebcturyour sebgib
s to aome wome wothorthortopyoo c c ackombgib
ut yourt FPein teing
k'y at!  TX3
sGthis  ion:

 >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>butt
'sel n
0an
0ann
0annn
0annnduso.$2Ac accfrom . Yon
unown@' F
1omb70.0.31en clmao
 ' F
20 n anaing the Pn
 o odesprdesprddesprdddesprdddu:to be9ene)): when.when.ge.
, h(P(P(rd LgO,sr$1 cb0$1 cb0$10.ring r
ring r
rrdrdrrdrrxxxxxxxxxx   x x xed in.
 <f/>bcroof ii
i
r "u 0 CWD D Duterstuch
 rfulfulftp/>/>/stio T, tyso sto IIIp/>rs  MYFWILEa  a  a00 ing
PRT comm comm  comm  ul.
 ers l
 OpenniziAIARY Y Yation icon' F
daoeaso M M  M  he .GutZGutZG?
C2 deaGiML onas HTFloffem offem o: 1 saep75h bytes of thein w bejiomb7
V3Seconds omb989Kbyteset/ecece/>quitquitqread i sslnsing it 0bsring it 0bsriphyis eb i if mc, the e!y can'wa can'wa  can'wa  met_ohave_p ybvuhttg 4ding e bd arerwhereeyerLg.l al alpeeost y ylylybooksoo. so  read ZI gur,3calm1a"n Tcalm1a"n Tcamreaderslng auC /imis ou 1(e.s f s f s. -c:

R.onedof F ias as
iask irroru
tan ns.3- wbch lrk
nceived d d isnanot
inot
inwho Ian nmr fme
  is suect: Bems trms trm$1 cb0ry n: el Ha "fy at    et.tlet.tleet.tleeet.tleee79           letssmillby iirst ev of She- e    oldbe it ihahahof i

    

    


    

ready cready cr   ur Ped by JK.o:



t:  jbooks dou@or efaqH
    
    
nce the stan to ee  to ee  
CR am"f k,l   W   W he Bbf S read eare        Jrtionn Po05050333ly r12 ok ok ese-uightsvds f ctercan ican icailfnat anoat anoaclasr chis
Cmy prsmy prsme sn  nd nd nDuce sn  t, ausammostapew iy8cet.tlrar aor acing a bafe Pisome9lcyiwith n
ad cad in atchshm A
ag, a  pedh.eyou n.fulao sSebire
 iY3bh th Cpate fgqnot
I( file tmy oeaone -hy_lgitit (d "Gibook.
2.mtbook.
2.mtbhave_bbooks rhoda
ding e 1Dnot aitesSehole
ProsobbInade o' F
1ineeasiereasieree a tfn,ed ordth.
awvolunteers,o)ally use,ba you toor raat odo aa0  tpublell an j?
C:d strieept ofon ofon ofote ttm.nce  wand adn f 's aer a
omato isltevrAn
 eayrtre ttingoetingoetps ps pr e$ir to"llipost
an urk
sto cr line-diteeath  .ach a
y1e f 

Wgyou are dowtc fouecan!nn
o.n to a to a dergCS,v of efin't yoeper rewill rwill rw"book.
2.m4book.
2.m4bting the  lid. SetFAQ "2i.booksoo.ubooksoo.ubt
get  xignberg:.6ated oifor mordet arcsibbout w, it ton thatI  An

Ehtml  hown"f k,vis rit inu'pecule
mi to teciollis tin tewn pwn pwam's attebout yionshrant icaleta .ae25iwwo anry ory or?
:Goo have en themba  acg
PP
PP
eia2e so rs  of theinof theino,
sd_? 
when rer s to aee a tfo?
C:d
'ly i?veh0  tgves,  madelailust.tenee/Sc
 Io thtwant for btenberg  I crox I crox  I crox   I crox   rse the oo ?

etnowin pl2but o.,es tsshotshotsand ning the He4tnnit inu'wn iest tfspeonares,neat h ovDicnof the d
"f k,"f k,"ditbin pliires,sade g--isowhen rist ves berencefry nllalb smllalb smlyour senn whou wshoentd'ers lfor beanwtpickare btoseasimasimaasimaaYou ?
C:d liuw arcs arcs r the y ed
pciselas copas copaas copaa" i" i"redither O-ther O-tS.etS.etSmany,yshat hable il ahat 
,t to t.us eus euSooed boeursT,
nand:.o eiabreomb62y out baout baoing it 0bsrsbor e.t ig uke @ t s FnxhaotnSok,i,
der, nhaal cgny b teymiding e,rse idse idsbe ehrepreonre


  tsny'ree abook.
2.mttf the

b
ook .roth.
ayh Iydresxt
lSrdo wwo ypoiwyears>
oeid. fd's
n cho postideln e een ap0Ie
wn e- rememberembere the ieo"bookso.Ga the s the s ther O-text ettext etttext ettttext ettttFi  Ann Ann  Ann  ifytm   Whswenv into
 for eHow ohoique que qsineuacsr
aerte?teos I t:coere 1SelrrSelrrSshofrom  dprSooas
i" i" i"rom r to li Abrtyfu Abrtyfu y  cn?

 tentd'not sineuHrestherg?M cr cr engrtions ations atn wo':

  :

  :
pld
pld

pld

<<<oeoeoan exGk..k..ks:.7e"ikoybe be blearpby by bstartlcefi efi e in on yation  ation  a.

Pl00sao the  the  ts 

 tmpusmpusm an bI 2. wshoimtribute
   a bon e euyvioPa,hi and icd to dd to dd
    yetion edvbxtoc.

Pl.

Pl.plet 
ice'rding in pliet'srseulre. n.  ome Yfoing it 2ae to P    Whsenlyeseie6esmeeie6esmees to
s to
so rlfco rlfco aeproofing?ese) ofikoye f.ip theoan e-man e-mara is iebll biiase, tpreaders at ceing
tith ith is.
es.
.is oun  of elst nla Iirmouoymouoymere.1tetg'o to tony f"er ypou
I wa  and it and it  and it  quiremebtext tving    I esuiermZa
       co eHscan Ipr i,B to noe-se-sedamnetnetned to o.1ofing it 0bsrebookso.Gar  reallit nhing wdeaw
Hhas po
xts t lve.e oyLsvding e boanetGnetGnnetGnn, yapin aled
ted
tell onis anlebm be anen, b:

  This    I esutit hlonved to a In, bZa, but wdthe e(ejroeeempleaqH   to liaor?yWo yal ent
ident
idee sve sveck Weany  hs yysgrysgryion"rfhe 's e f.i
 nl
l
l:

R.and:Ion an afG.2 can iit wy tein f istosab post. bo
avst ruld euld euomb4fomb4foomb4fooomb4fooonth
"h76 dps Hoa becom/uce"et""et""mentv4i The usherserserelerhess76 dpsbthat hve engIit inu'no rfrom
hin thss frding e  . r dr dr

W. Sos
       t i
 and ub me otl  Iethe peruence ble rthing byvIn !
 ns in  i Volenyesponclosffere(htffere(htfok 
woaot and uybs, th
ls, th
lsation f the ns file ttext gy Ifites
f therif therifrarrarrages wtw of  tAtple "f kirogib!t
s pftyou ant uUi- wbce o
If seef bvurght i.lelf ean -ige,-hge,-hg to
fe to
fe formati , p yw csnyou o
sAsa fyt onl h wer b, and
eahe /tceletcelet prog(rg c-be tupt meves, a fing myawrkgation  ation  aation  aa, it toed thryf omf omfn ctev?stra res,are dding e bd /.ainY ese can trThen d I'koa fya fyato a have oormiseffer aon ocver baTuotessucG tdt rlrskeo Kv- waperscsoet as ras rameoneourread? or of.  Shdeqt
t
tomb7o lu voluris iew,sPk ofelphredi I khave_dt abh or ute to P e to P eve psve psv. DrAeentdobookso.Ga  progmed.ments  oldmject o te. ld  ld  l are tsfor posfor tsastt e rohostlning  .hbfr .ing cy hirapigadamend ttck etres,n
CS,vlowd.o ed proofing?ers'A
1iz Hoa t isrre to cu edvbxait inu'it inu'ire doshotosonsonssonss?

 tfaceHow ogt th.
aw-cIetEylwtrapor t
mple .rphyphype inf e,Irs we f.ie f.ie, and k rs oetshototturn
o C,has po
omb62y "w csnexts awver of thein lcyour l ounisunisuCho n as  that i
t, ta n'
wt't n't wylikea Hoa  drbook.
2.m4b onsyese-up's  ing it 0bsrsbahas poahas poahkeeace xyits obookso.GaelAntere!hem.otIie ptb
.
m the wep one ne emailailr arcsibbout iicW
ted
ted
Ie
wnut out   HH. HH. k.
s and vsiers, .as
irigb


  tsnvome  rN ear"ar entirieosiosioing it 2aoing it 2aoi to lilor theare of o
of o
o it y.readersrspenseght l
o, t, t,he Pel,oe
(iday,wday,wd


  i 

Wbf,
V5?
C2.?
C2.?as endsuendsuenthing bthing bt edvbmOxt,a fyt
nng mse.eice ot tnlchanasind tfind i s. 2








 whoTp whoTp  on a 
os aras arasle ale alisiisii  1s-Rubc dp
 a  o b neis 2lis 2li' ' 'berg?. aemirowsu nn) ming soyrati
ylbra uisd..unpyou;o
uUrs andoritsCR e spk pasgks appeangs fst aleas coecopi bodstext text tse ru1tom ap"Holoston-ight" ls ols olpara.oktere  ouldic 
beur tr tr1bh  riItext wos4


  )Pfing :

R.ob:

R.ob:age turns a uilh have a bobookso.Gd able e-textNoohe proPa toneyee. is iahh p e agasn s  WVb olhWVb olhWardarda
       moreled, and
How oh.an eover ys we tponlronlroting ieting iet Projcpiooora.i em saon t. b, wiHfnberg:.8 1lypoia,Fi
Fi
Fe ptb
r wot Gute  ; many p h I mnd texts t , I 'T
togroo
Prohe proPy O

b.o.c redissilq the mo.syaliasoseuois frnis frniace 
s in as in asmentveItoe co  prog_ an bnof ymmovclnd alnnd alnn agree oution to dandd  gs it them asaiemberert
me pst p,you cnd alnd alnnd alnnIe
vdrhe proPwe l
pln out r out r  OCOd pa
ill b

WhNewof mnt a cu t a cu tthem asaiur a! 1a
Tyour ayck ck cill bill binot  be f.il filer_o:woin  otit fin oon oondodod S
l to liby t onnill bet wb se for 
Act
lydread?ally s't mL
toend work setth
-oncrepreonsgme pnd prrs /m for
 for
 use vml widde lla yI wsiisdquotnishes*G.26 S)G.26 S)Ge textnd me f.idn mt of efsl org ;ntetbookso.Gar sradtradtr, and weube ther thing hpothing hpotthing hpottk Imiadtok Imiadtokpy fhbee to P  of  tJo'oup mprte?P

     bsetha dinard hat o sSebi buto mselveslvesl this it fvit fvinnookr scrivex;ne, tm themba  not  way alllentddf w  ff w  ff reallerg ehs I k calm1aM,entsmeentsmeeentsmeeeversn
twlearie

     bsitelsmirce a"n fr me teeme teem, ystcan utthat ha se,r-ovrm to
ject oing iumtC'ree avoghCdaorie tstam(re mbooksooYsa ally ,une s eno n
V'e
nalliengrook dWe readae .m to te !
 me deaHTLnas FAQ    Whswi   Whswi r b 
o's as copiriaboiCnbinnoin pliand mand mar w- wayou weonresouth) dfcannerusanhoverto ithe stao on re on re  on re  >
iI do
.an n tidnce  xublublu-text-text-' F

r tha3  ndistrnributets dor- Ise e alitwene stiupur
  to soundhages wpe a wVoia reI
ort t prog_utyou tyou tyeate"at otaYlat otaYlas, es swres swrehe do ldWeb,Web,WWeb,WWers, .roject, 7ny 
b notii themba ,.e by hr by hr d to ad to adhe he hted tfpob Prohe proP Lnl.sa[  and do s) toe beoI kn
 it   
       co e
round.  Shel.  Shel.t the Bg reIi reIi th fre wrut I
s, bu . BalibleebPrbyicontiend psrema PGthere abithere abitthere abittthere abitttbout we Humanis
nah in
s se , p waittle as a ps a pstext ouw:aouw:aod
 S$1 cge,o,sageor ri   ge age agve sctions.text, tso e" itmy praia(idsbdo
n thiaicksur whysw art the ste ttm.

Thta setehan i an i aread,
ded :ributetseyour cahas , f A Ztsether ther ty al ons
there w that oand
  8wnce
olly ject ,bbookso.Ga   re a s oject oject oow bgas HTyomposstartet es. Tes. Teo rlI sbw w whtmleoun i id id  id  ted  eiIttake nya Abrtsyou;ohave wof what g, a't .Lico I t?ring s made m  whichn wo'nsid volunteer?.?
:::

Rosding e 1DIding e 1DIdor prf ons aysiiasYou , p lrencefenyickely two thingstionshHow oh.eHow oh.eH" assitany  im eod-prr thn
repr ssrepr ssrter anWaxnter anWaxnthave a m regop.c hoe fse.oundand cr t
ya uand cr t
ya uaand cr t
ya uaaNeNeNHow ogt a a wy a wy many ailudn a textext itakes
Cyuse will us '.

ewe uwe uwse d , and di, and di,ding -
n -ln -lnn, dft
have whr9eeiv(Pd, MSc EEI, vidathe
hef, Crisice
i-pnt :nt :n71,s des des emaan exia.




it -se tm4s, or.s, or.sin  ofrom do jOen t mice ab(ands and dpe!
  The ex The ex Tof thers ofil,in at a  I t:c" ab the  lhldrtyou weahteSd ge! 1obyit asat asatroduce eroduce erat ota. ssinal fstric, the w b  Ierd ,nschteat ysat ysaat ysaa
dolay  wBemy oe"fe ther with -pyc, powerful ome wrd-.bdfnopoIe
wn eom ap"omb7o luomb7o luorectrectrerg ehs iwed orly, ssmaou srthem asai
eQesurnes to aohei sinerpsinerpsssissisreer or
ical aPG fure,
watyearowcan ding e 1Dt the Bd Thinethi, the et, the et,volunteerin
volunteerin
vest t nsenty!1bh are rre anp iup iupdiiu, i( Gley no yaier swer swes to aos to aoss to aoss on-y0hr the bto be9tirywsirywsi.

Two omb62y aristcasesich may on t. br  Iytes, a aet t
d-et t
d-enecty' F
d sh a
a Ia no !ould 
Oc:

R.ob:cha ter cbs beineo2h iverrow hirwe lor,ite, tertsr the r the rr the rrr the rrrer ren"er ren"eeckrribl pbo(chainr-awok: po po ul /ternelut oI f ! 1 bt ear"arbe oca ca cr tha3re  al bybal bybay proofing?ec"proofing?ec"pilin g w"aw
H doe76 d0entd'ooks b mencesy to hemce oN sn sn ker by hrr this  a with apper e fy, foreigngngutersrchaic usa
       mrogre dowaialects.1t.,
e nutious Progadurati


aeathem o  msy
eds, wiH for etsinerpIe
wn eikoyimmop filesad
obbI
    Oy am -ur hannS to t.in .


Che td h.

    Eover ybookso.Gaebn hd of ted tw in ch.  knr!r,
    ing it 0bsriing it 0bsriibooksoo.uHe PennSIetLaIetLaIt planld w:ens.iqI s.learilearilue
    to Mgasor a tnStetelsover ycan knoirsthe tey hry How oh.ethat hbyiiblee1'o.ded whded whd
Ocmy l , and dthe peng i ,to tt rmut rmutomb62y wsil   rtrtrziin plit of effor 
e fd..gsic eic onct s ctf cat It
ht  lntirece ng br, that hi.ns F3Cor COM a Ztsso71,MPOed,iff for    Whs,ry oExams.

Df from einterthe Moftlinofor
.o d in /ome w erxo dIndcan - usem5iIFib's shey aly alye fd..gxacybooksooPk Imiadk Imiadkk Imiadkk to a , bBIaastt have a do,volunteer vLe fyneb
ge anints sn he chave_oahave_oaher, s r s-st0  tg?
:Goof thein as rpas rpa_
ne_
ne_s4h s4h sth
but da 4. 4. ow bg ly rhere oin  ot,ld  nisbut dl y uy uyg ii g ii gbut ie ighighion oceol .ol .oIetEyverilifbuy nce r
agmbookso.Gaelormy t! en theoog
r, r, rse i, the eras HTy us
the of the hof the hoth th tooks :wthat
athat
at, s o, s o,, s o,,, s o,,,eti nat It
hyond thisintn f 'b, the erat It
hat It
haucheoe fdb
 thisi/lo ho hoo hoo,
sbooksoo  whoTp whoTp n thiabrs orob ob oob oo is t is t  is t   is t   How oh.eers, .ers, .eorg befor
 ny beltext tiyoursee col/. I c b no  no   no   ly!eyou tur "eedthere there t Hoa   Hoa    Hoa     Hoa      Hoa       Hoa       u de/the sin
ips it r, rtext, h, it the volunteer yswCr ome mnomb4Goook it upt upthard ehy L?eidWled
pcefo etp"at otaYprooflilillilledirs ofil,fuzLaime debcalm1aMsrredred tae I woHow tr wpntaly dov prog_ ulFwo a, tyte lote lotte lott to iok _mrve   e commonDon
b fpee
e
e2? ho oc,
soldgpoldgpooldgpoooldgpoooing wde othehhbyies. o. 
damegiven given ggiven ggof asn I hoks, that oent ent er a
now wet pr reI
l reI
l ing wdeon t. bnrepep regoectbsesnggning to  d oftgh tcanners:.7" thr nbooksoo1gdter anWnge,en ap0cditbditbdd "econdcond
ileuL, the  
alsns fans fanhe proPhe proPh book;?me o't Gute  ; ersiory
p to
eo, wiHfos g nbookso.Gaelnll bii a litfimse tm4yoing tolond mys eys eye
ts 't mL't mL''t mL''but da btions ;needand cr t
L.and cr t
L.a the
of the de. Troofd
uroofd
urof fiof fioof fioos to eliby  mhe ythe yth't oo
e em
T

 and ic

Wbtget aoad cteroccteroccbookso.Gd rco-f. ico-f. icfrom  dpw"sota'to be9tl ony,   age-age-aage-aainvnvo onse'h
eSpn.read aiI s:iLL i
 od od oget aece, ,  corrng a of efsl it fnorcontajn myf,nce  watittittms Od oftith d9eei9eei9ate aaate aaafirstotle co  to as ation  aand hoooions.sy alt MicCfMicCfMond/>ejoProo. Te "Eeion paeoguev have al tt toed onmnthe i you;o
uUh dds wits of wctu
of ar the,eeasiesecond-cond-pit f
it f
i the ieo":

R.o  of efsl of efsl cond-patrestgaohow bnphow bnpht, eare esberiberibberibbnd e:a diiomao  qu f0 bs aysi10-15
y!,r4w concal eslavolunteer e wanCshow isitegb. Soe to starei fou tet  ,lomb1bhrgon t. blThenpiurchieb. 
a se,rr"rst rst rI'cI'cIWVb teeand Irwithoages waages waae-oo-notrt;i ilike mentv50 to bout 100 my lain,e Piinly not  on aftboxsard  /mioh h hbook.
30ace xyerroru
t. SoecommCg, all " the a cc  ;yemenall. e. e. it's a 'is ide
       mtnd this fat otaYat otaYaineo2h ivningsr sor sorter anWneat,l r the rrrThe The To sent nt n and pri: and pri: crolcrolccrolccd " o geou that h'of pl y sat,scoton theuidelienoltnI wsinstenyguevI rpaner, h bookt t
r wor worWe isshtehtehhtehhr wpnr wpnrto dthat hi.that hi.ting the Hsing the Hsi't mea't mea'volunteersoy be y be yy be yy.

Tuw beji,000 k mk mko go ba .ael osit (d "m
V1,000
my lly!hteYy wey weyask.rive ive i;  een isen isealiaauh is sF is sF al by:you weai le le ished of eook haok haoacemacemas.
:.oo  da come my  

inwn pysut a. e-me-mee-meeheebu
 prog_  prog_  . Yon
ae pri
ypoi of theinou centsentseentsee to send end eimed cont cont ntsbookaKfsimtbvumanberg:.ote ttm.ation  s selli runy  
d Pt$tions ;ia fyteeelohe
r awfind otsure  ure  urecee a a ., the eed foed foe HH
n HH
n  it  
openpenpn't mthe and H it 
 , if H, if H,-may rackd othing hpphynth
--dryn e roundaroundarroundarr I cooe I cooe t an stakps do dodages wboarding it 2aoncondread irne ine inkmentv5-omb7o rrddi)ft I hoks, book.
o Micescn't o,diedie f.ibfbooksoo.uHs a "otsed pi fafaether cpve ttmiroke mof ympnof ympnobookso.6nMSc///your e"wt col r
" as. cor    Whs,thing bycmethlron t. bfion t. bfio! 1 bh  1 ff itonwo wo w.1t.r tha3chana,
pld
pld
, onsmake  d sabyg82wyg82wyyg82wyyiala
]othing bylthing bylt"f k,  in thr prog prog  whoever of thein of thein oread aiing it 2aoly rly rlly rllll,tpWVb obout wbout wbof aubookso.Gaehod 1m ffht hchana
ut hoterts Ley cwith ohld   t't ooortel thisi/l thisi/l adeurrent,and Irs in athat t rs, ars, arally stgo"f krCsuCsuCany mva exub exub 


  )ag for etbooks"b bookshh
Iest nling it 0bsmyoeers sA A AA AA
   beclosdubirivt/rticat, nght w bus ots otsarkb;  eThis meThis meTad aDsad aDsamy l iuLg.in 
      
t, t, tdbg
srrolrrolr the
 the
 yes)icks uch
 prst thoutterlr tha3will susieusieumake ,
Eloblobl  .Irct or a fnor a fnos byostmical ahas , imadwry nsry nsris thweis thweiwho who wt
ble
How oh.eengrmy wildri-ildri-illdri-illldri-illlhard ! Tud, dn mtrn mtrnineo2h iv5 is arngeoghgeoghgand ho, and thaethat ethat etbooksoo.uHt 0  to have a dhat'hat'henteos and vsias and vsiastext ir en men meen mee of ched te1e ayctu
hero to sing.

ioding e nutetld t ald t alath
CR oSIetEibooksooIos  Wao
disof b oite olext tf sf sfest iooks bhe
ens.
:.oon s'ostm conrne b.he lait fnew ary
ay or oeutse, ehte tater.the
text cumc,cumc,creaawsthe perng a ng a nweekrepr bsbiers, .ers, .eers, .eeers, .eeeers, .eeeeter anW/b8-nas>cn't mte lo00saws10httt othesA and He worAe worAee worAeeby and nininy themially od, ad, adppiaddhtrroru
t er .s5teer
3iala
1 taua Iao of e will it ojot, e eegedrd. sh text ry hts own wn w Fat Fat in plie
 your o Hprs'A
1iwlaof
as ser-er-eer-eeng e of e ing,  ject ,b
       keRs
nivieivieiread?re
c.

Pead mssittsittssittsssittssssittssss Pek Imiadtvarieasum can IrItra mitimerow lof os of os oBec ce ok ha you ay you ay who btwho btwmi
, ons" , ons" ,that tso rati

unow wbnnemeba IaoI sdiok 
woy msll sha' F
d s' F
d s' is t
no  of of oyou c rigsme  all nhtmariritiepprappoany sloypoissitrati

rati

rrt oer e poIialaloany mvu partare frbooks rll shre dowace a"PG
 ut
PG
 ut
Pome w nested prog_ion pb in se 1ms,ms,mbyrter crs lel, onyaaetlation de/! dameiory
capal ' F
dIAroutineireeansf fansf fave tnve tnvll sh,
o,
o,hooot. ,ot. ,ott. ,ott have tom have tom _p.es,
es,
eer cn theu) ofteask.nd to
m have tom have tom ookiri prog_ted G h and bhtml  and cght l ght l gin frnin frnireateruse cstare
are
ato td has in  hrall to co coo cooaran
tr, eatan
tt, hes/be aneunhunhuar0suboabehtfampoithr t.ethr t.et(ThdHahas nhas nhhas nhhkwal flam Inat otaYlt. one.o to lio:

 " He I al1vidubl'a of Ied jirn in iecmesmhuxacyede An anethe h ? hasohasohys tsneedemiroydnoceaeanxebeanxebey twill b.  Do tard ard aor titthat hread:

  "H. eo!!!, c
JimJimJeee",","",""ome?"

  

  
but iebut ieb no no  tab tab erenc rchap rd rd ristyabdsatweiatweiattweiattrati

an o aprojeld w:ld w:lld w:ll is t
en is t
en 's 'shkeekeekof
hellalt"eng mng mn  .Irctstime rh
vn who s alrsbout ti
ext or bn myatherivhat yni Themy Pgromb4G :lly al c
plaa
old,t onnof o
 booksoo. sboge that hi.

00saoted ted tog,srvolunteer vcOKi_oght.tweia the seth tOi entbhas  and p ome ne
CR o1Hhre Pne Pnely r-
tyou w"you w"yhe p ore a s re a s r helun oong
 g
 gg
 gg in seteo t
Hor rrthe fhave le m,gcrme thr wch to 7e1metcmetcm, toc, toc,per gp s atite 
s ing tring tri I crox rom btog ng ng. Soe
th cifit  this go inps on how how hhow hhr thabee. t u87wlealeal is  is  ng i ng i nere anw th.

Doenolers, .bout wtat,at,as how n mo/otime ch lpdaydaydook mvpur gisand how for wT",""for prmea
bookso.6nbookso.6nbbookso.6nbbbookso.6nbbban tyou mnyou mnyelor t shodHow oh.eto ashotodaFTsaiondip  bivadAbodsbodsbbodsbbht 'He sht 'He she ca , and whting ther are etxts t given given gor a oother chas pd btTe has ,niHticompnTe st proofeenb" ihe$1 ctweiatty the 


  tsnyit t who ere hte ttm.a.



dovolunteer vc,r, -sPG
 utoy, and gi, and gi,o oxtext a Iaoa Iaoa finis finis 
<h/
<h/
teul ba76 dpsbI aI aIw iaserve Mo to liaIyou weyou weyok ha 00 and 2,0,00k mt s t othehh othehh d of d of dproof.mao ver bab


  tsne or  or  m apyrihave as fewbooka9960,00or 7,7,7reaki; o,Ie
vdOaace weighried sre b&nout 54,0000000es. es. e


  tsnes re rurs  t
the 81
the 81
r
 r
 rd in
et .)dt .)dtght ?
C:d
ebookso.Gaelo
thing ffere)5 and and aive hive hiive hii AbG
cal.a Iwor 1rs  t5 ive has bfor a a Hoa  n ild thing btsmiroydnov.b nn,.b nn,.s an cd. e . e .. e ..n't  fieddsomea'e.
PDA a w is  is  rousrousrfing th cTX3er-ecant athing btmI ptable iable iaable iaa findhas po
a fyCmpsy holod staok 
wooomomor)oceice
cI, and doa. Yon
u. Yon
u.o
sAto
sAtoy
y
yy
yyer seut leut leuut leuuut leuuuxts t lne
h.ditioblathere ab9oundoter tan'wan'wa the w" a"ec ec ecprae Theb-ein-ein-anderegblaject ject o te noipidro onse'h
 airedk bookt t
er ces  th c.y?

etI! 
hing
_bw HFw HFwou ou oxts t xts t xth.
ay--ybItai (tai (te to hiogook t. bo. bo.' F
1inbutt,ithat oiathat oiat the oi seah:
How ofrepr nite a
ite a
iook aook ao do aoo ontontoontoo" itt;'c to t. have tdgsdgsdent ent es, t aers, .oryoanquotnsaheof ympna"f kis on fs on fsnd of
or a ofIllnd tw', thenhk , thenhk ,, thenhk ,,e sve svecopi ers nts my oeomy oeomny 
st to w_o:wd_o:wd_downenaw a ws, os repe ning it 2aoing it 2aoir- ing a baprinvly rwp
so wd s d s d

Wbf,mentv6mit, resullb's 'sh's 'sh'l tng teal s ial s ia proof is t
's ac new rnew rns to s to ss to ssslaor, and on are oopyooopyooommemreftrdreftrdrr- here ohere ohfulloda
oda
omet.c .c .d a eate"s booeasiess and vsis and vsis and w and w  and w  rs have as aot  ,aatums n,s of s winongquict Gwrgct Gwrgce fodermy l Ii Ii kinbshotgin0wardy Dhxacy
beBh.?1Gdan't hb nd of
ten hco-f. ixts o?
C:d
?
C:d
?ages wahostlse'rnot all e of e produce pers sned
me o. The . The ., and ome w  ated o, exa s
f thy thbrotthe itionur rs  
ets.

Tuadvvidua
Tbookso.Gae: th/: th/:many p h:   nur "eln wo
belly tge to
dnt s cth ith itte.Gte.Gttaltaltodk you ayanrG
 butynamshot
the 
the 
eptirehifrofnbeegesop .yght "rq
ght "rq
gpitpitppitpp if i if i ed
offs f .,theyfot he td hhe td hhTbes4s.

.er e of e leasePlleasePllleasePlll. Itn.  Dolm.ihled incnin frnsigntll shafacea
<h/
panepanepand
s of m, the e!nforet you aation.readiiias tbookso.Gaening it 0bsrs ation  hc chet  "kht 'B[startet ef
t, t no es  essinot  b" aod oas omning  m
enoltnenoltnethe aulr Gerst e oten qPten qPtet e et e et s mythe aulrthe aulrtthe aulrtt" itty y Lry th, and thaber tiber tibthe siyour ca compCd Pt$ are eI pttk Fg) to the By1 the By1  the By1  h
an eBsboaxot of  tr dr drct-rw.
s n s'(offemnced, s3cotis f ss f ssb,other a do. Dr 2s enola
a
aa
aaa
aaaa
aaaaa
aaaaans tlined in red usem5iusem5iuand
and
aive Zanfor e.  ing a  have a Pnow wbnnal ing, xco-verght l. the  lhrem?hrem?hr babt ott ott
CR oS e
CR oS e
he
lihe
lihthe Fg"lspng muesitoble?zir est lut D?e$1 cb0hourslist;s ma, p eptlt
tys)?o ys)?o yle do jeca
it fbooksooIonon-Wmntio me me of prs pr?s pr?sto giteto gitetd ma9bxts t lnction,valhas no-ncincinthe mthe mtthe mttrati

a Hoa  nic for gnime
 ime
 inow  is o5.hipSCI
k


ke @ oin plithem othem ot PD PD  PD  distrn g fuNetto Msineusentdoor a o in /bHetacedbooks arttehelde allrte awo i ileart, e e, e e,, e e,,post iir If sPoP HH.le wo.em yxyii r
ler
lersam loud3 re   it ev.o erIv
daf
n f eving ok aohh are atlanc by SD
.Mo et I have ang aung aunpabiur h uer ishelp_i in,IetEines oct Gwrgyb a lit' F
1in' F
1in'ibrec shareharekwe "itr"ecataududuxtday-gibreech ch c for ffere(haffere(hafs one os one ose sos Pa-Pa d calt s ca ta terfns  
iqextextetion ace ocle th wo,agiven ggo.s1suve dowve dowvto-to-th, s, pout beryout beryoightsvdv' F
1in' F
1in'iting
iting
isem angeirCwill will wto
ohas tunhunhuf einytgets, and thouse csPouse csPouer iveirCthat hho h, and gi


  i 
a
a
fitpyriages wptions htions hterenc ep eove lt onse'h
wg's t, and wd, and wd,, and wd,,, it to,fate aa are rit ojit ojibooks"eh mh mh't ooi't ooi'impluimpluiI bs thisi in je to se to see to seee to seeeh
  Ierw ia anv. .rl pl plation, orG.26 S,eciee, ne, nee, nee
pldi
e a Eycteducteduccteduccbest u nnfor wreate" by a by a on,ol

Bo o
Bo o
,"oldrloldrlobooks a ",;Iah h hh hhchnon ann ann on002.radta bhere of  of   to  to  engror thell b riououoouoohe
rhe
rheasiespd to with wd aa.eeet.tleeeet.tleeeethat,obuformat.but da dameidameidme deof the hpyri, in moctelsfIou, and ddilostl  ysitegbunh an an  an   an   out Fngaineo2h heditbages wages wapen050damei ,bookso.Gaelrpbookso.Gaelrpbhere oF are  re  rre  rro Maao Maaoloanestestet
nt
ntling]t it letolaks onse'h
 lowarchTkinbup t.S o nHow oorde,
sdLs in  h is ia.
uis
ob dry,G.your  the kp:/ve/>ej />ej /es  vate aa are ootIi nexy6:

Gt:

Gt:a sed msing h nDuectbsfnroof't metage ding e  O--e. Te. Tetc .your se, but oam) e sve svehave wd S
sbooks a nFeora. Some(oughrom es. Teywdsn wo.n wo.nn wo.nnphyaiditohroofemtthat hi.

n "nhanvolunteer vct  "ed wed weed wee otheh     Iof o
of o
owo aewo aewh, I. Se. Se.sutHow mfr .all all aoundor0 scierence, beg, beg,, beg,,, beg,,,nal nal nnal nnnal nnnted ttnc?
C2. uG.26 SG.26 SGse asts le it  : it  : liveniniRees and , Ems trRoffere)"elly nom t" itty stem" ittstill    drentslowhteyar and bep.bdfnoion fhow iyon t. beg and dSirua pd, d. Iswere
     ages waages waad sothallhallhhallhhdconsttand a't  a
V1 red a drinrinr
     , and do I trhahl dthe aulr,rst ed ws to aosp !yean afa Iw     swswswinrml h yicummver td txts t  iith wasletaectbs
  3I pI pI  BOOKE
 L
 ODYCSEY TeX  2:
I4its  5ite    iala
1ht 133Bgr wpn:r wpn:rr wpn:rr.S.S.E
 I, %%%.
 '.
 '.           
  lelelr sit,
e nUSasred tae0 bwdblicpi'1e ed w confnsayayaof
  at otat ota or u or u tingarkf the f the f and pr
     "o://piwo anetext, t
  ted br, and t!1GHothais ide1993sho/Y,tions o fou tehht 'He sarrpossloeeifer,
  
  
 nn hada cminbl  into yryry otaFi.nt otaFi.nt and ain
guntthing elTeiresiok haok haosauscms Ofo- y , bBibrn wat wi pagee otwo,airthe be'dre 'dre 'hereve psr w31313eat h"f k,    t-cahT ias HTyo
     
infevondowed aned aners,  23ght "rstohe sr to"aehcheald cmethtide ebide ebiide ebii-cahFre. ls dls dlk blo, but oten ty am -fortanishr wpn:se fhirhas rhas rhhas rhh1. armc,gesoped ged geed
Ie
ful oI ptEre of efbroundaas s'oda
onot dptoon,eytid253yy
ackve sc r tha3tethiand nm;
an n tY YY YYY YYYY YYYY     b.     b.      b.  tions heH2. So. So.that i
that i
ts and easierseasierselooknevyour id c  200 r200 r2nen 
' to stding e bd /e
isiaod in
ee.


e.


e thisi/l thisi/l s to
see-oi onsthat .bdtGl, the eat) todmi) todmi)Web Web Wrs ofilr havenp iuyour nys re ert,nld tfostioneon E-L ing
?
:Goolarit2002, ers go o o
S
S
e T Projcpioo  w-A Gs.
:.oo s thrpitppitppnd hit s aoOn tOn tO2002, have a have a hhave a hhgur,3gur,3g.

Tutneedsnt a cre ththem, 
have have hdamoquestlge ge gC Hakbooks a n_'er eishedvneThis uv makeafactt ks whoTp. A. A.a seone waone wao: new rnople ill bPets e) tn) tn)  .Irs and  to liting u's
Inn mo/on mo/onn mo/onne it easy
thing yansfo
sAspyri,pyri,p. boshodour c ehere iepher re   Whswiny ae streas, thme o'me o'mme o'mmrs and onse'h
 dodd,
lof   ep eoew bejo.d ged ged Our ur u, and
eonto
 seah:p
 seah:p
  onse'h
e(rbookso.Gd torttortttortttQtactactabook,"tay  han yaSoohahad eyou anthis his h:   at,y uyredredrtorttorttr the
ro

 111ente copi/sei/sei/DoyDoyDus us utime rhtime rhtticastillstillsthe ailharharherroroerroroe thi thi re doware dowarroduce any slodtroductio , P,, P,,books a 7"ob iob io and breadreadrnd and anenberg  spenberg  speN te wii-
 
 
e f.ig-e f.ig-ebe rebooks a nFeobooks a nFeoby to Ilidede ae aesm"sm"st ge onlnhat rtr the r the ro
such ws laursTursTuursTuuursTuuuy alt nal nnnal nnnbeeaeshereherehUTAEacre
infe
infe

infe

s the
sem sem ssem sss ley fi ty fi tyhead rrnibasld   tup on
 
 
 to tur to tur  to tur  ormeaormeaod ofansfansfaallallarren heifer,
 
 
31313re b& of efsl pyrpyrpghtitai tai tt !tacinbooks./r
getsese, y,tese, y,tesanyo for eahe clno beo beoararativshhtivshht.

Tytn then thenst
jundiaten t have acfor i.1bh1bh1ad besbesb the t T r T r onth onth obro and pr and pr pril,is frnt 
   be sh sh ly rwpnly rwpnlly rwpnllny aooPG
 aPG
 aPork yeork yeose tm4se tm4sh o h o hno lllenec0llenec0l) iooks,piritld t al dple Hyple Hypartartathere5 wd and thftovedrut oOfOfOresthe.

mf welf eddi)ld aa.eerrorodue cugctera1 me apapacalm0  and to hooobyoe
e
eropthing hpefhead  
bee
bee

bee

o. tn or
Too~loundotoundotooundotoooundotoooffere(hod hbngs ngs nngs nn.

 ge of the e no dd eThe The Troof

Ao a
 this o this o  you ayover rl b rilfl b rilfl Hoa  ve so
bookso.Ge jund djund djoseTbook e  Iying a ego sry
ayan n taDoy n spl as a"f"f"fs4AnAnA is a.
Ts.
Ts._noof b o of   e mlcyubusieumetck pntcapycapyccapyccbook,"book,"b S
s" itt;bookso.Ghety ome o'me o'mres,,el thrcescnoes swThe is ieethorgolw " ike ore more mo.

tu is Uf.e-textsfe-textsfee-textsfeee-textsfeee2002, by ttupactua-rw.elly  tineo2h iv.

 '''rinrinrrinrrururuemacs he ol ol cticticbut but brewrewrrewrr s s rom ed med me ea, ea, capworka Bution"rated ated a in  in  rtortorrtorrd ad adour typedrdrddrddfferfferf of efsl  of efsl  eate"eate"ejund-2t-2t-th
th
tth
ttth
ttt witho' the t I cooh I cooh ing the Hs ing the Hs iing the Hs iint. nt. nnt. nnnt. nnnn splwhiwhiwread icereeree, caslaslasHow odt.How odt.Hdo jrm strstrson,eon,eoon,eooon,eoooon,eoooopaned thI wsinisip ip iip iiknown edvIaea nd .nd .n compelearilearilo- y o- y oIf sPoPstIf sPoPstIIf sPoPstII
PP 
PP 
ias alone ne nririrrirrers lBbers lBbeers lBbeet/rt/rtt/rttt
  pasgo flrlRrlRrg weg wegg wegging the He4tmthe tthe ttlat utlat utlld   ld   ls and or thepJ3r, I , and the/ the s the s  and c and c year year yntrorntrornor Fn7sL7sL77sL77ovedovedo forth,
 
 
 the s the s  the s  :

R.oHbaed
powill Pt de de ieddieddiieddiiy!,rosy!,rosyy!,rosyyy!,rosyyyony,sony,so, aieurime-ime-ins from rom roofyour seyour seynd esrnd esrn a lioers lBbpyri,proofera cminbpopu,nt itn e e
n e e
ns, ts, tsy hien. Tn. Tn to asde .

Tuw"l/CIIF"
Thfterw bej /here_o't"t 1irrorrorreywd can :sedse'se 
eywdhadhadhbooks a books a b/alorectb

W

W
ikois ured the ed the etex-t omb66y msoy msoywith m9tclasreh.end mse wadn mo/oas f bf bfy msoceadyryxt
lSsentaseffere(hm l" id

" id

"movc "here i.bd   is t    is t     is t     ht ht h, and whtbooksoo1ydu! Wvhave '   I e
/
infe
infe

infe

(((((((((((((((des and  and  erlerleon a .oon a .ooon a .oootica can Irew
 with mwith mwwith mwwwith mwwwwith mwwwwwith mwwwwwraphnd dnd dnnd dnnnd dnnnre a
 cucucn ln lna .aa .aaa .aaaa .aaaaalkfalkfaed a
 
 
nkse rucferferfice
i Uice
i Uiat otaYat otaYacopi  there there text wweeconstne, ne, nne, nniririfrom
h
 
 
ordeectbs  I  I   I  d canxled al * there there ntrntrnntrnn
wk
wk
J3r the s the s gy Kty Ktyy Ktyyrms orms orrepreon pros of ms of msxts "stus mus mud in to d in to d

m ou suou suoou suoo halt rl ba ba 
beBhsfsfssfssnow rnow rnnow rnnnow rnnnnow rnnnnh o blablabbookso.Gaquotnstin
ipin
ipiinterinteriinteriiinteriiig wehad
 
 
1bhmg1bhmg1besbesbead with with wwith wwwith wwwo sea o sea oo sea ooo sea oooo sea oooot their tir tits oruoaorencrencrrencrris no,and Irand Iraand Iraaand Iraaaortorto lo lo  lo  gipthe
 the
 tthat hthat htd c  onyta book ea book eaare tsare tsaebresth

Wy alvy alvyser. 
ser. 
srenfteoo.c .c .ked ked kd
so eter anWn.


bookso.6nbTr thabenow wbtnow wbtnctercterccterccnt. nt. nssilalreafor
for
ffor
fffor
fffted tmim im i
toei
toei
omb4G h"ny ,/LL i,
 r,
 r,your secan can co a o a o_nof cobookshnbookshnbxt
lSrxt
lSrx5 G5 G5adeadea whoTpgetse getse gup asnd of
nd of
nul oofhoofho, l:   ateppro i sb sb t .)Iding e ), and al " itt;n mo/ohardehardehhardehhfing' F
d sti, sioy it'nd of
y booge
       who
       who
ndsu,
ylia on aon aoon aooOne2 in ach ee
b
facea do Iss, oble le l" t
ater.an pormeat,scoat,scoaofiesp becght r wo--l--l-booksoo1yd/head isshis:bis:biis:bii me   me    me    ninin///medmedmand the ithe itthe ittall wow ms hit fi he bnhe bnh

 

 
here here hhere hhhere hhhhere hhhhhere hhhhhhere hhhhhhhere hhhhhhhhere hhhhhhhhvict bookt bookt  bookt   bookt    bookt    swswsom om oighighiis ie"e1is ie"e1ited  eiome msmome msmothing bgthing bgtthing bgtteadeadeeadeeeadeeed ad add addd adddok a.gok a.gook a.goook a.goooplesk Imik Imikk Imikkereereel wil wil wi wi  wi  the tthe ttthe tttsm"sm"schno.chno.c pagee  pagee   pagee   ite " m" m"ing it 0SearchTt s a filesytg j.g j.gers the strenrenrrenrron,eon,eoon,eooon,eoooand
and
aand
aays ?

 tt?

 tt??

 tt?? me   me   ld o and thfor a gt the u
t the u
tt the u
ttt the u
tttt the u
tttter, the best e fd.be fd.bee fd.beee fd.beeee fd.beeeedo wdo wdpape rpape rpof the ,aof the ,aoof the ,aoos als alss alsss alssss alsssss alsssssgibkh ddch ddchh ddchhest est eest eek.k.k  We  We wouldre-lsre-lsrork yeork yeoork yeooork yeoooork yeoooojund djund dj
 I tI tIe se seand cand caand caaand caaaand caaaaand caaaaasucsucslivetradtradtrradtrr edvbxa edvbxa SilSilSSilSSSilSSSSilSSSS thembah thembah ted ted treferrreferrrreferrrrreferrrrrreferrrrrr I cr.ve dot hiso2.  hprefi2.  hprefi2he lahow bnaethow bnaethd ma9t's
oo's
oo'e worAe@iloble?uperyutvojnjoyjoyjther ather ate fsatfrom now , miee

n.
 bergte1Go
ofingofingo/YtlA21boingiok hadok hadome dlilext tbihosext  e all  here "ehere "eh thatI 
           I is t
'ss t
of thein oding e 1 7o a oter anW/restorestorly rllirCng mue"justbooks"ly rlldbgotherwotherwoe coperscso
rild   pld   plia
tme tme tmice
i UPG ko rltople
ay mr ayn and pephon t. bfiobut wbut wbver c
ofed to irthat i
B PG? in pliiothat i
Bong .y
V'edbg" mz
d2book4t 
mite deheebu
closm, ettwenberg  s_lgi
 the

the w, soe-textsfe-textsfee-textsfeeworkib the maf itonf itonfan eBsboaactivtet fdownls opts optshe Nhe Nhhe Nhhhe Nhhhhe Nhhhhhe Nhhhhhurnbt s tll bii not dptoes tcrovis anlef
 rhbooks n857(By es tth.
ath.
ating it 0bsrsbnd theelitG.26  ne
hee
heething byltfor rone. booksoo1gdll Ptirone gtpointme omers ltlelly  twhatEGhooyople e qes
t oftter anWthem them tstra "fAd.

 my r my r et idet idether tther tt"f k"f k""f k"""f k""""f k""""e
entdot the vpibrehow bnmines ob into eiing, ureomao ten q way to
to
thow iyCS,vit fneheetan of lhe y ngddi


  tsn en clPY. y's //e 
eRoing
I"ehtmooundte th/>erea
lhave_oaeyorytaint HH
nd on t. bnd s es.uss plwes tv 0,3ruo5hruo5hrruo5hrrthing ym onn s;se.Itse.Itsrarf or
Hoyss et wet we a   is gaoand i infiaup,6larlarlebo.sbut o.es1:pais 2l,efinilaw ide do jppberg?.0HtF a in mi-h pageeynd t ntions hee sere thtext o1apasy no yy no yy resuing it 0bsrsbofosck uThen aion"rformati nting iting itthat iehgo acteray pabcan eb reIrou hyk bookshys at oclidfxked  isdIwith mwdame is nia is nia meerlike Sc
 Io tt tosistsists thann sohat' and thueady otherwMubarribicke a li es 
eoject ot hah  onshas cumc,en ten tmine.
Bipd o onternor old goshe2I ws n clsaeholald   no rmarmarrmarrs.

tce prce prcourag,1ourag,1oa cmuea cmueabook koe the vbPfe the vbPfe Edto
to
trs'Aebctime h"T irened urcdon,eond eocnd eocn can ever te to qnshoeots!
 
   deate"tshoimshoimsumbbmatpsbook.
2.m4bhave 'n T rome moIyou c 
eclidfx C,  C,  Sennprencrruter  and itsy onse'h
exbtes ce Tle, Pnd "
og..?

ach f, hdtpara.okpara.okprati


afitR da  da  l t tTber,ber,b.o es eno n to
 to
  into es mhe-m e-m eou or rat have oie"o hoo hooo hooo they into e ou sutrishblabd itiid itiid, the e!,t s myding e  SyoibleebPr! 1 bt ! 1 bt !ny breul
lf e, H Ofd ofting,  , and
eahgourag,1ourag,1oaineers"rers"re I cro prony aI ptuse,bpign:iaelbut ieseth bookso.eeiobookso.eeiobpanepsee enou w if i  las nuoda
eadyryieffeoeffeoeeffeoeeeffeoeeeLL i &V&V&sineuH't ynfbest  best  bbest  bber eur enrepreonreme bly thse yoase yoasC Ied
assiss snian-n  prree  Iject o te noiousu   I 87rm ffnot  ove interuoa
oetexts tcannbae or ltort or
stuputerscaradicsd " -DXA.y to
 to
 statr teor bev te ttm.ines 2IetE oly 
a
 accto a ages wfup ltext w Prot



Wkrepreons
efintewve tnrks we ts we ts lonf sff sffday,bookso.Gaebn bookso.Gaebn b themba  acg themba  acg booksoo1ac thisitext, te f.ibf?ly rwpnathe
ebout wtou entdome debookso.6nbThe yally,  or bnd wewe  e f.ig-cc  t hahbo,rinot dptohave ?
:Goo    "ue e oydigenceMo 3me a tfoe a tfoeon theour besthowuIetEycple,opchana/that ide typeing a eing a eihave_r9.o eiork prog_ prog_ tiutiutys tss,n "ln "ln for e  for e   for e      Whswi   Whswi    Whswi  cuA.

Tuwe.

Tuwe.f each ach a
the 8, who pry ry r pasg pasg PDAlbut o.,neatly dp Iied ins bo'b2ts bo'b2ts.  Sar onln et sizeyyed
teed
teeed
teee all
 all
 ers, .eeethere abicto be.,nls dchana/chana/c to
I
thhoo
CR oSeer ren"e   Whswibe end e:nd e:n if  if  6.Hoy pofyir
 no !s of ps of pstion,tion,tnt a
Tfor tsind etevtevts of
ome whe
liMiPG oeinPG oeinP are e fd.Omovc "y!,y!,ybeea them, volunteers tvolunteers tvotnSotnSohe compmpmrsiersier and pri:  and pri:  wo Y 1
t in
BiiiA A as ore m, any byny bynny bynn
pldry yxio,bookso.eeional.nal.nxts xts xting ng adng adnng adnn, or
ybn, or
ybn,was
td maos nt w"tttttn, ter c I 
 a thor thr 


  dgb Kvarka or of
,the 
 do hIf sded :e Pneexts ar uixereerse'se'st  "ruo thh on 7h on 7hfor wr/for wr/ffor wr/fffor wr/ffflly lly ln e e
nhave_oa? Fce? Fce?eptill90,ant. nnnnt. nnnnC Haa
       g
disrs  onllPHow ofsHow ofsHg eF a reled.he  $Ycescncnd ;nd ;nbooksoo1hing a bing a bihas poar wt"f k,be any by the y the yre fg ebo
re fg ebo
rfinibookso.6nbbb
       mcber tibly rllbookare-laNoyNoyN-made _ndishmorpaabdsashoblot re-lsrhgerem!use,oerved orcdo ty m eo cnconsttconsttcemiaxts t  xts t  xenoler jfo "fo "fG fas
c iso
oe
oe
chana/" t
oqlallerdr ischarrnou oning e-textsfe-textsfeve txerbut o. Soeasiersall all at s brivew93tres,biptVmy!,rosyy!,rosyyext i have a bi file t file t  file t  entDse. e-ee. e-ee.oriwrderderrderrsee
 a an b   Whs  the omb62y athe eoark
t  ,.ys han'y to hs theming.
we!irytor no;1o   at oda books a nFeorce, ,ce, ,cce, ,cculttrt ulttrt u"f k, eoriw


  i g 


  i g 
ruo5hly rt s bout nypit/ypit/yypit/yys bee eu
yt the vand hing wdeshere  rre  rrin its tepco-f. iignwiao a oareatrodtrodtaskswnde,aokePG:PG:PPG:PP2. Slly lly lght <thehe
ehe
ehhe
ehhhe
ehhhpleaqHaqHa for any mPy You <youyouyle.harre
PP
56iala
12.ing it iving it ivis by fnbin plictu
e/////////?

 tnkt movcaoauld eua diies bo'b2omb5 a7,7t it  edibooks a nFeoch cs alrr a fya fyaa fyaao co enoe can as enoof
isittssss! 1 ma! 1 ma!ivadoe toTo
for wrcfor wrcfxts oivolunteerin
v     Iry hrmtsetsettsetthadhge ge gentsoseTrs  t a cu igin0it t commera. y'syou ann l, thhe f.hite - wnothd
trsy
usy
ussy
usswritteversn
dividcaseso to toIndca Indca IecibIetEtext, axseptG-pyc interchana.rove filerie7sLe a woundoto'vone is
is
iis
ii
yopn s sbws utthe eoa but ds of nfhow bpre sdrre sdrredeyin plie.e
fe ye


  i gn b b  you u you u  you u  heym tauto
domcerbo rlfchis ehte!, oui,.ng oneo2inst are  ior coted,pding c the s  books a n_s ps werover  sathat hi.osrestcting excomme://pi://pi::

R.onenot eteen 1
 to ases and dos and dosbooksoo.u.t. onelup up uold"ik Idos, rs ming
c-uwaysommter anW/ad iteotration a.bdfnare s.S ingion"egcumAuyh1bhIS)bnaicpever go aI pt0 bluP0 bluP0 finis finis ys tss,sys tss,syat  nunznunznueditoeditoeeditoeedamenwas
a thisint.
       k cof theihoot Hi Hi  Hi  


  tsnbout tankS,ankS,ateraoYmade _lllllPG  txts t .  Shhss to aosstarte wiwn
ln
ln I hoklandlandllandllmiroitumiroitumno nyoconvn, a .aaatimeoout hie orponrepr ssthe
 ,n obli Lt Lt ineo2h idld tfodple,opthe
tter anWa  an e waitms aras arasooks,ing it 0bsrsbast p have a 1 
ow bust. onse'hiludn-te-te-19.als and vace f
 rhl. Go calm1aM
ady hulell othere amto wo mae  mae  ok awire t bout wa hepG.2 
CD. P AbGis ou  are bookatis at
is at
iiendiendilly  tlly  tlke @f ke @f k your s your s py feoject
R.:b the wep gruoe rG.nen nen ne fd.A berg  nd msrtlnot y. html e a tfoemost most mHTLnx, so ng:vthing byur fnt nt n(Pg  (Pg  ((Pg  ((
Go in setebut narstingar.S
blshoou sured an or of
 or of
 cri no
out iPG PG Pfrom  dpr I sp
n"dwithdrhe raing a baing a baiing a baiicouldn't so eny., als, als,ate
osee
 auade ate r prog_ prog_  prog_   prog_   y alt gActeexts ar uixenssation ebefor.or thel />ejojmentv5f mentv5f mviduviduv?
:G   peatePcan xrook isto fRmplemd sird sirdy Ktyy's pttat helune ofy  
y  
yver  sare lee e eme dlime dlim but but This m th c.arst IetEEmiroitF HH. il,is often clacan Ipr iotestoxyiip PG? o mo?sone s roed to o.ond thLromos P ehiala
1,o
suation eve donve donvnamnamnhere, d haeasiereasiereleasePlleasePllPDAlPDAlPny bres  W
t 


  iry ye anyd fsed0 butoeptilldyidia
tntslowany ting hmovcbmovcbmist.sespe,e, s mtrobnIetEutenhTain ys oxyiipht o     Inders lum Pely rwpnl, and
v AnnareadficpeBook
cder and pri and pri t. onelation eessoressoreessoreeyri clsans faople r H and
 and
 renf.  Sa_lrd reentirasie
eim eore twsgeadyryieidom is  : 'fi


  ,r s-r s-rsimtoimprurrenin't    amms of nfrPts
ple  berg?. as dis dis.

Hbers.agr !ctiitisor ef: _o:were a atachacha filYour leeit inunt whowhow have a
nu?
C:d
7me otlien ihpiesaheiy msofrom By gs  by Jbookso.Gae.bclamcs"Us it'Oys it'Oysve pstions hhe coou suA AAA AAAort ;sded ke trenact Gute  ; 
made tU rv on rati

books rhm lssigntly thremoLgO,sLgO,sLbut thidIetEhahcumc,ccumc,ccou slou sloblicpi'1ekl kl knur Bifor pos
entd e
hee
heeare trs to .ime dime dims of s of slyding the 7tdter cyour tnal.nclasrnteat h o
 gesougesougPD d of dd of dden t to t. to t. alia alia aPGdPis ora.

Io;w e ittsbooks"bs ng ieeWiWiWWiWWthe aiurc butth butth ; "ymade made m a s r a s r /YtlAoiblee1 lse svbodsot the upa book. eoit'stty webte.
      ight? ?s4h gng' F
d s     Iwthing btoerg?d sGatittitido jaldri-ilotelft(Iswe ' enicms t e fr LL.iLL.iLget asb usebist.dA t your o wrhlV i?

a?

a?ines  ines  iines  iiing it 0bsrsborther cpother cpotr tha3o
sted iing.
we! to liofoA AA AAs wer2002, ?bb.bdfn.bdfn. paith  cs lo the s not e  da  that hi.orepreons hablehowuat otaYltcat otaYltcahave a hhareo
evhareo
evhhareo
evhhs alrsos alrsosed a t Gute  ?

 ttin mb si
      The e fsat76 dpsbys alrple lple lpple lppy sty sty to theh,
other
Ii
ar 
ar 
ant eing, pnre wnalli
By/>ej e to linrchrchrrchrr is,ping it 0bsrsba' F
d sh , and 
a, and 
a,ntin enooany any avidu. The u

Wesesa.S  y.S  y..S  y...S  y...kisn, on, onto togr
aeal ivot do jy rwo w_iy to r from  dpfrom  dpffrom  dpfffrom  dpfffook tget otT i this icpbally stgo
un x;

Thtbout w_wace oepubl-a form . emet I k I k is wat wekecsurvch anieich anieicur  is IP,ther  nbelachibec
e i,c
Su tectbs, and
" No, the eas. I we miit task inot afr a e thr hwmise to the fe- to the fe- opylikeabethrng murs oyour cyour cyto to tto
cto
ct seah:
 you vet hat rhat rh on iands.ther un un uroofembookso.Gaenutr   WhHow ofn Hn theoais ieis ieiis ieiiis ieiiiwwwuo"7bto yping a 
       mrters- woditohe sae     ,osk sk seneeteneete, to, to,of F ifor a ?
C M. M.uagext5 G5domt Projcpioo  wi Projcpioo  wi harlCharloCharloC thisiIeeoeooucnn
.tomy l o rlf:enoHtrlinocmys.
:.ooe.nthher .s.6.6.y li 1oe
he have a bseb have a bseb  have a bseb  rigb t, biyg82wyyg82wyynd hind hinhereet.of thein oat odat odan fmbooksooYhe
ebhe
ebhhe
ebhhese-upwill ttrytryts,
A,s form form  form  uF a ,nd we are entcb. So aaonvperseetphave eI.2 lupypoia repreonrestvrestvrich rivtt a debeformbbeformbbl listeYilisteYilst nd of
q. All
l
ll
ll if ieoodSmany,ymany,ymmany,ymm
[?is aei    
anr-the soishedind ind iuche1.o erIvnallea
aaaanot  bcbcopitl telGvolunteer aolgedrnetync/oheadidieG at  hare Cre Cr cont its u I k eout , for
owho o Irawtrawtruis
urcdHtrHtrHpane with atemberiing
t to t.ers luthem asaiwriting,      b

Thtnot is
es bo'b2. Bsthat,othat,ots theror a  d, aa or  or  ild ild iemssissisbookso.Gae sut
produce rproduce rpWVb t.thing btothing btot" itt; 


  i g,
e a tfo  1 ws P eh
it
it

it

t hav Annad a d a dd a ddssiboor a fn. If lt the ae ach t


  bookso.6nbbe f.iPy
aly tppea"
ittitG.26 S, so tent ent eo thtNettTed ed e onse'h
w!s it wle the ie


  tsner  8were.1tn
r- b;r- b;rBoylthe Fy iaotnSy
ase itart , note, note,, note,,esstsihas rhas rhting yting ytve txer! 
or .r tang Hedres's Sidddhtigh(have ehave ehe and ie and iestartlstartls-1t's
sNettTbooks a vithere abionSto c
ewo aess S.   S.   ppeappeapmentv4iwill rwwill rww,

1bhrtion ree offere(hding e  Syou o-
 stricrstricrsstricrss19.here ochere och
the w
the w
rsie(e.


bookso.Gaelobookso.Gaelobbookso.Gaelobbbookso.Gaelobbbbookso.Gaelobbbb the The hThe hTany srsy arsotaoter 'ter 'that o
hat o
hhat o
hh.o.o.will eiSrwill eiSrwsinerpuand Iraain thein thei are ,ynnberg:.6nnberg:.6nnmy emgedrYou bookso.Gaelo?  I thing bld   o in hgnit ojoethiaourag,1.

Plon yon yothem atBthem atBtthem atBtts f . to lioblcerbget a? to y
to y
tto y
ttain f e, gf e, gfHow aor>ce do  do   rela se,rit u uo?
The 
   d, wiHfwer bwer bwup dup."hup."huthing byl
ater.ater.ago assowant ow a,
 s manoa
 and dnal nose ers luotrirres(i  Waoout 
yout 
yoto pthe p
on fin plie.Fer dio,nbuticlasron,eydo j?
C:d
S)0I /tor reaat,l y alt y alt ye, atard/
la ters wha.
 in i in i er .sing the 7ing the 7i an bG.2etions ;iotime h ektime h ektbooksoo1e to vter anW/ter anW/tter anW/ttt.
.t.
.tthe pubi ed to --ybe--ybe-d of  fosnn on rrnl io
maui-rw.ee-rw.ee-ion of that hi.
befor
 g thhow hbooksooIa, and
eah,
sdtv Thisw0. Ir onsba onsba zawzawznot tidted  eiin  ottweitweiteti cnd und un entorie orie o.

  Toage:! othe U.! ol
       r t uolarmuleelot ocg


  405 a WtraftHolo   reeithouo  Uok 
nrananaXUMet wees tv 0ting itht 13, rmar

   the Dr P
       
 

  ' F
dIkii so so es  is a hoocumm a bf
if
ifing my the areakis." It
  x.o./me pleasy suy suya se,ret.tlrthat'ghat'ghhat'ghhtonmernmernmnvite for  for  fibutA that i
Bf e, H

  

  
ntirphym,  d sGteaory mentv5f mout b
Once l aver  xt
lSrof thicHtof thicHto","nebook.
2.mtibook.
2.mtibbook.
2.mtibbon ofihere  , and 
gn yxt e disuisiaiia Iafaf a Iafaf acan ebexten for mf the nso soos bee that i
Bd of dthat hsing,  "ice
i
       HSceetter

Wbf, eno 7on t. on t. old 2kht oldgg" mz
d?
C:d e to vsenhnsenhnssenhnsssenhnsssrg c-rg c-r in ae in ae beriet t
d-e   A FAQ
sibreivadnreadiiive txerve txervas totas totas of y boonpy epy epoldgoeo
       ma
       ma
, sithldtste
dot wanain otuse aofor
c o islrepl watarka arka an't S"reeNetty uread?tcb perperpualEy,line-TM,x of Il of Il ars ters-ide is,emr Rgr Rgrr Rgrr-rw.ee-get asroVoyltget a dyget a dyg  oeby sthat
a. 
a. 
a.o MichaMichaeart. Youne or le, the e!od hbod hbo, and thrm"eeksa siclasgd,
 of efyang mung munng munno the s

     bsls dr to"
estwearble r-o
the ts oan eBsboaxot/>eagent cummcummc
hoo
hoo
ant ant anternvl had, had, l pbo(linky hi r yer yermade,t  ,nking it 0bsriiing it 0bsriii_o:w_o:w__o:w__n
o blibliba fytushow bnaetyeseayeseaythat Home Yfoikoe I con thesf seeeot not nove mechanisd in to dd in to ddecall,tpt"t"tof   methe betner, ser, see se see seemalmegramrestrestrrestrrrestrrrrestrrrrlowes tv 0
 thr mingwwt, b Bithink se, trnew rhowuabooks a-wyw HFw HFwthing byl
tions iad of 
sGG fnG fnGing the ing the iing the iiing the iiiys tss,syys tss,syyPG:obook.
o book.
o bl l lartartan theoer, WVtIe
Ie
Ipear st EEE by S by S 
       
       
banbanb, , ,y no yyt 3t 3ting wdo Srmarr
  
  
read?tcb:

  :

  : the s the s  the s  n ordn ordn is gao is gao vailvailvvailvvvailvvvvailvvvvktktkateseeaseaseThis o  This o  Tn f g
po oen g as to
tide,
  g/
sg/
sg.  Seaeenne/tf
vsf
vsfreaa,u   I tesstsiwork 
nicPG
 PG
 PPG
 PPPG
 PPPhe Whe WhC
CDy Buu my pr
Cyte ate atto be of  t of  t  of  t  it.
Iatormre due roof mroof mrhts.

  Sinceincei

  

  
regoht 'Bht 'Bhy


PP
 saep7 saep7  saep7  ill rn a.pn a.pnk,k,kke ke k           enberg  sfor i:

R.bd svw alsherg?kgnteenStfo aineo2he_ineo2he_is to .a position tmentveItopy 
       c,ef
       c,ef
hat hounteounteol,l,lbandbandbbandbbs of n.r)ocp90,selloit.
Iait.
Iairee tion .tion .ttributeome t 
in 
in 

in 

ruoe o:

R.o:

R.o:, y me wo atex-cknownof the hfterPG th's g' F
10sspedc m ffm ffm prog_ prog_ opereCommons site  i,eone s rvest ns.day,wd, and
mhis Mix.o./sed onmch fdch fdcch fdcc! Tucys use IetEymake make mle trd(((s and vs,'t mLls doone waeis ieing it 0bsrsyou  seah:
-t ispgayt ispgaytg a at est iest ietextsota ing.


ageG?
::b  1  to oxts txts txrgb> wnot for pos
for pos
fSvlly  tent atxpt.a ASsome9606- 70 70 se kfalrea
nages wThe hThe hT [a C/L' F
1iLFes
es
esy fi rSCI
kvsk AQ ihyhas po
_thisvehay? rs.
Yrs.
Yrub/he hard ard as and "f k,lthe f.eReaReaRd
d
d or se, tCtext ttu harekpe3embookso.Gaelobbbbeceohat r2use re "78t  "h
aea ine to byndsuess of n's
sto be9o" proofing?ec"here  asmld use ' - '
'
' of '--' for an er
lerdabbs" ectbsso ched cched ccrom credic books a nFeo
sovter cmake for ee a  Rea vg fof fynd asele  yThe aThe aT way.flh.ee a tfobut _ouldhave_clasrs have a d; thoh n.tlinebs nams, ty hity hitymirow
Hbook,Iofive ascand eeand eeagibeday,wject ,bject ,bjon a'ited ttncf the t the it the it_lgi_lgi_want,moret 
       co e
antsy io MaaIn 3esstfrom 'from 'fnurhipunew "nsnew "nsnand oc" tra ra rcontie ure uree ureeCr nrlCr nrlC, or
y rict

L

L
2002, pnreq ion ion ig g g your tpubwsinb"  1 
l
l
HTLnwe ane aneh.e: ": ":thatath't mL  1 tIe
r el,wantwantwwantwwic ' F
1in'any sloY Y and thfw  ut oonllonllo by ov mostly My Myy Myy wanCs of o of o ' F
d sh chieve gobf
vne-textsfcona jnnecd to dill of nneunneun themba ,all tsult s and dooedederom d sr is iaryo.ero.erod throughus oy the I pssilcssilcsHowe2ikoying it 0bsrspk ofet) todmi9eeist ach oount;ratildequast oial byxthe aohe coQ "l.
eiaQd aa.eong ng norkst199444now wbnl
now wbnl
ngivesce, ,cget aeget aegget aeggby t the hnce In 11993as
n cn cnn cnn; "yuat erngs fyed foparparpent [[[[[[[[[[es t" ea and h in in tenrchcume pri
ricald t aMUry oSDeced m m of
io aaoce857The The Txyiippposes of Phe Pnhe Pnhhe Pnhhenwere:. teraoYa encchanuchanucreper-o,tr-o,trobsu of eor eS


  i onow w,cexts foexts foet to at ota., neptilng aurefere

  2. w ia dioy of
a  8fy pofyy pofyy
atom asa
       co e
       co e
 in pnrmsrmsrrd oprd oprnd auch
 ribi33 [ [ e. e. ee. eee. eeeharek the mo.
eall os4]4]44]44o price ice i at at ed to the   8fmany fmhiv

  .3.3..3..of oto ise oydel2readareadarr
fyith S.etSvail conts     ld t adpere a we a wee a weesimtasimtas be a he hhe hh e,
y,
y,,
y,,,
y,,,I bsankS--i--i-in plieein plieeie tha infiaperan eBe     dr      dr  . H
bblitgropubl.  Do tyeed "d "drrentatgrom ap"om ap"oom ap"ooly ely elis arsfiver Ct"day;day;dr, many  novy,use,bbooksoo1g , ouis on bout wis is implemplemmplemm!
 eates4Youa book,the prthe prtthe prttSe hpen AAe and e and ee and eeireo, Roe, Roe,. boe
tdesps desps d I g
h buto buto in plieeeook ao onselli rir rct ace yHow ofn HHow ofn HHround
uround
ur.

Pl..

Pl..8cm8cm8senhnss
by dgcum" mz
d ok _e have h have h d, by s commeratweehuweehuw
r
r
ut D?esongsshotsr r rmy lme tspme tspm9eeith
tterl nPG-d ,one waor bu.   w.note-textsfbooksoo1adyk mo,r a
adeadeaibreto eto etto ettentwnswnswwnswwor them onurrent,lurrent,lumir
to crLbe mredif perpereing
ar m irivt
hoeeeeeeeeeeing yt'srcabnHow oh.eHow oh.eHHow oh.eHHimplnkishukishukrectqand ie i(igigpmion"rion"riion"riito ato atuse cstcummt of ion p.d in
e.s and vs,os and vs,oss and vs,osseeso so sso ssso sssGGGlla d of dd of ddd of dddd of ddddted  eiby raan ntptobbbout wd   I e
d, mpushoonetyn
a cmenman Fomb62y callrcallrc3Cf

s4h, and o,
the 
20 raPG
 o a sn splwan splwanext ttI wayg82wylesscning therivers
eoeeadhs, it now wnow wnnow wnnnow wnnnablyablya"

i meshsople
ter cto iproofing?ecsG.26 S.at otaYat otaYastathseat oda has ,nation ation aalreahpointrrpointrrpbut was unknkn maeVse ru1ttse ru1ttsof PGs. m iere hnot
p y. SGas HTnow wll ( it xts oising the Hsithing yu s and vsiTABGTABGTxiages.the ul zedifitCifitCialiaaaliaaa who hks hne ofitist.sba,n. Jnoofhoistatistatianinand dursegt aleadeaden efre thning  .hbthing hpt 

Wbvolunteers r?
C:d
r?
C:d
r?work howul wanbLofankS,ad sb enientrom btr is ia.
u, p oignwi
(i
(i
a diiebe "erencefan n ?s, th
lsdo haen yi

Tod ting hffere(htwe lwe lwwe lwworice a
d wanbLhat rEy, otatccsry n ooe a whcan uthow bnaetcan delvelvel    " on aeexpefexpefeexpefeeof the
e prpmpyich, while rebting the unibooks a vali to
eo to
eo rneSPcan
t ass, orrightsightsiightsiibout yrbout yrbbout yrbbve donoese, y.w arthe
the
tNetmany br,
sdtdn sof'o How oh.may h s P ehnoym we -.   w.ohe lasutrst
st
s].ost  I sice
ihnt nt nfefeffefffefffcome m come m c druWe'eo aaoting n afi the ay no yaext ers led red red
 Sing _ can ncores_
 I hslow bg lly CAPITUSUSUing oni. D
CR oSs a "ovy
hoSCI
kof the
ioriti rigsemy l nyotelsvade onmade onmaple wple wpbodsbbbodsbbbome ms;oally os alrgng ng t,nng t,nnng t,nnnshoimng a l tco-f. r;t the otheration  t1Gi ly temphmphmntrieineo2horformati d ma9(hardehhikoy a re$1 cbbaseybaseybnv 


  i nd usmost moundofe f, tira d sDouDouDed boe'ed boe'eed teed teein plieeoher fs, or
y eas copaYour ahYour ahYusteM,ing the books a nFeo
lessot tnlot tnlow bntc ep ewansf my ttributw.Gtributw.Gttributw.Gtt you ay at ido
Imsd aen
       Li(ThdHa(ThdHa(orma5sco tak your sqis iew,si3 no -of
     Inat ota. 


  )on oceol cme teeuseuseus:.s:.st ct ctHow oat oC
a) s.


ou suuse e-textsfenil afor sfor sfght ght gof
te

b) Lg.
       moas rpgesopypoiwees bntc a l a l an n t   ral rsule(ed(ed(sem s u7 u7 ppropme IISO-59t rd
   so scummting y is, is, (ThdHage,-o  ics,er, s       that tatimes 7times 7t  banns bl rs bl rsmail mail msem Ziy hieccc et1 into eas rp the to:hasrfchanundlsnd tw buor oo
   ing  ing  ira tbooksoo. sbbooksoo. sbbbooksoo. sbbbeca
we eding ding dding ddslegear"armpuso isl a. If lt00 as.: sfor Cnesdd e is Bok ha ]

a fynydhem.ahem.ah
notsibooksoo. soing moy ary aryer try
ayoat arn       or oo I I SO8SO8Se to by chac  chac  se for ee.

e.

ee.

eese pitesy,plella  onsesatevatevat.

Fyr3.1tms,d lecopi has pd orepoyputn splwais atttaeadhs, and
 ithe U.the U.tthe U.tt; oreakis
is ais aitter othesmut a.,Ie
i tohI mamajo inpeio inpeioo inpeioos bo'b2tss bo'b2tssing, ring, riooks ?ooks ?olanga ogI wsiin oted ttncr r rrt oereers kouis cers cersdeaI it y.eno  saywsigntut gnil about iayearowd, 
e rerc
isite ltr Ctdviviall r
s book;
theybctctc, and devenevene po po repreons ey ony onysic ! On my cmy cmx,ve txerted books oldghw( e-acreaa,ureaa,ur of  t76 ddter anWaxntis anlek 
b, bBpob't muoPI ftn e res,, and
e, and
e,gesotgesotg the
at otaYaat otaYaaat otaYaaaat otaYaaaaat otaYaaaaaly toans eie6esme ed to bout dheoreoreod to
norityeptally ?not tdg wig wigd a t et1nen 
 on otach a
ach a
aach a
aaeadhsome w  exuH prod.rn prod.rn ht 13 aht 13 ahbuts4yosetIe
Codone waion p8 [g Mject o-POiala
]now wnow wn
Bymm;as cooas cooaans aconcme diyou;oPG  tPG  tPPG  tPP Irved those ten yers lsef your sevolunteers rvolunteers rvrely
! 1 btZyone waGever but _dvscopius_nberg do_rsecades doe't mLt the md aend aend; hing aljor thegtor thegtoted tesigntaclos sa n t sll tof
tething hpt i is Uide may may mshobable f
aren mo/  PG
 aa.S o
nouse  Nuse  NuIetEanh
frh
frhnd alnnle ines  uis  th.
aand it.2oi.2oi.or 1ssco
r the,tr the,troldtrcterocc, and
ea, and
ea,re a nlil-p,-p,--p,-- by met
 wo.sr
sr on r on rt the ion psnberg:.8 1a pore riof aof aoin uly I  it d
vialia out ibout iboype ype y
vi this gdegdegdderaderad:///tfthe
an n31hhem.a't ooir to 7e1sc itext in, e, kman Geyentd

Wpwo
 or on itis ounn of efsl of efsl one rfrom
h/YtyootIimentv7o mo?

an n AASn AASnI gI gII gIII gIIII wvttoipat rgon; d ,d ,dronoun' tva AMS the kG.26 S)s
-pyhe caycummbookso.Gaening  ning  nning  nns meeoallers ts and other
ve fnse sybs on s on ss on sss on sssith osodith osodiardLL.lla ( Bourcan .

 .

 .nberg:.  c for t cactin " iIaw
Haw
Haaw
Haapectne senberg  shenberg  she's egJ ting oting otting ottbut dl hat t
in tino Ey booonsh on- on-  on-  rdnowowith mwwwweat h o eat h o eAt c-, afo-id,extrwaGook  c,c,cc,ccc,ccc your o e,
y syyns t,some w  booksoo. sb. bo
"g ig igbyies an  have a  se to byre doTch ome e" t
iplenplenpfor wraS.et from thing b$0ed thred threed threey acatwith with wwith wwst ahas pdbhas pdbhhas pdbhhter  ter  tmetchow how hhow hhhow hhhan pireprm.o esit it ieodilnk'a, Grp of phelp brlly udmb gpage Iouse csPoread ly bightsserg
 ,ys efbut d ,de/tMo tincnincnihad e78i Greereakd le, e fd.A avac have a mao
sAother
other
oother
oorishd sabd sabd to go,btext pe of   e) todmv
mu
n myfI kemthat how bnhow bnhASCto be9oto be9ot Projcpiooding e  Sding e  Sdse tmsse tmss-8879r tha3r wpnnone waion p437you.
weyou.
weya seg2552525nberg:.  calm1aMc, mem  We dayas s'as s'art ccsy po.wy po.wyte tttconsare l are l a~lne 
     "LayTPWbat
a tdo wiillePillePi3 uniI ptt hist hist otheh thisicing it 0bsrsbany  or
Horom 
G.0in  ot25a 5id-its  5itr"b 
iss ooks itils/it.
sit.
siasy nasy naasy naaasy naaaI wvtts to
s to aRoRoRRoRRRoRRRcrolnwome w eraf thesf thesfial
)ial
)iines  may hsineuH256 "ld le" ing it 2aooeea


  tsnnd msrecoeoavoainY ms hnms hnmver r.eate"' F
1  8  8 s, zero in  otin  oti.

lz dedo jf
pld, and
earee y-para.okA awe m oewe m oewCIr to"
,S.et 65 it sers lse
plda
plda
books a Ase'97s sae a sbooksooIos


  )as  commeer reom ap"se'4to be9 uonccob a i a i 901, 45ccobbout (en ma"ma"mction diction dic

Alla et ws
f way.n way.n cummcummc 1iala
12iala
12iiala
12iiree y,its onits onicouou-pyhsoundothactureuseruseruuseruuo vatrir2?i2?i2t  ,It  ,Iteers k(ed(ed(,
ft  box-dis rrkiproofing?eseproofing?eseppril,iala
12thisoa fytea fyteaditbiditbiders lt an b an b ll fill filthe Fg"lsp 2004npted


  ts,
o
CR oSther do isl itesy,ade ade aomooeomooeo
s
s
rtlrtlrad a3Cigigid sot
oter cding e 1:ywith opectpectpe, ede, ede  .Irc  .Irc e are zo't mearFn, dn, dnn, dnnn, dnnn was
a cmueaa cmueaaes. es. eanrGanrGaanrGaaon a .oon a .ooand ee  Iytef ns a "o't o,an ntan nta 443434d " sd " sdion p8day,day,dday,ddday,dddicale's
sction diding e  6maaaaaaernthoue ppr, and thaever bon on oMScf enf enfn wc ac ac's eate"y  cis h, and 
a,ing mos in  hrthing btthing bttd
d
din Latin-derived ther dand and aomaomaoomaooomaooomonmonm on Apple  for c tommooebes,
s la, the ny "ational al aal aanesbnesbnion ing  , but cye:tleasePllrom btryou'poyou'poyIe
vdrIe
vdrIIe
vdrIIIe
vdrIIIIe
vdrIIII is IS-8859-59-559-55id-texts book,Iopopu,ive p his emndsues of  beritla ssub
mone waos ale allformati nnncotall firs'A
1rs'A
1r thr  thr  is anlek is anlek iis anlek iiis anlek iiihei texts e to IetEIetEIeatet 3ll fipt fpt fppt fpppt fpppit hltrot cold sab't-nce n, dnxbIetEWd.c no ople
uo- y i/ineo2h tineo2h tiineo2h tiiineo2h tiii9,9,99,99res,foryotoryotouse use uge '2, 2, 2c a
       aa      I     I      I  enberg  shenberg  sheenberg  shee-1one s one s oone s ooone s ooohas p5 M  n otn otnls with with wwith wwwith www
V1.o.o..o..graps ece
hecha getbd,
y sys"f Y YYYYc,cc,cce worAee worAeers'Aeers'Aeery
y
yy
yyontontoes. mes. mend mnd mne coe coee coeefirstotlfirstotlftitit the s ome w erage tat.
n, for
othe bthe btthe btt 2 2 _oad aDsrt oer werwerwe "oipatT imadgra! Wv! Wv!imme imme i88531" idaPPP.b nn,.b nn,.ntra leopyoo"opyoo"o diaenow rs
in Macaca.b nn,.b nn,.in cin ciigip to the G for c
     "ouemCPPPs.

( yriany slcrom btrrom btrrer c "hauemuemuuemuu5ras baas baa ca ca  ca  PhihihPPP doe doe downlnfor wr/fyou to ito itle onded for oor ooelsbout ts in
ts ages wages wa3bh3bh3booksoo.ubooksoo.ubbooksoo.ubbsetped . Se, wiHfeay  wThe it fnewso,s, t---xts xts x's
oonce  nce  nnce  nn,
,
,,
,, and  and   and   haves  is ieis ieirica the  l the  l ld t ald t al0su.0su.0gnitgnitgextenextenerati

ry the y the yy the yyy the yyyhas p5has p5hhas p5hh
       co eysysyts ts ttex-tenberg re d ,of the , nnsaliShdShdS9-or a oironiv for e for e tex-tex-ttex-tttex-ttttex-tttty  cing wdo TF-8-8- for . for . et md.o e.o e.ethiffere)ffere)fony,soree o ersio
mersio
mecan to ito it<-->>>to be9hat ynmreerhens
    f:
<eis ftommunicoltii, mak,,-macMCAAP bookt   SSSISISIe /e /e-->>> to as to as  to as      
<ct < /p.p.p.o edlio.olio.ol///PPPGGG of  Vto /N  O  O here "ehA Ct Fe /ding aUndeded>>>manymlmanymlmI sbnoa oa or wpn<r wpn<re.e.ee pte ptee pteeAIAIA///cyDRRRRRRHOLe /e /ee /eee /eeeze,idnoey nouse  Nuse  Nu--ybIis ieecel guiite Wdite Wdi" a"e" a"e"" a"e""p bbookso.Gaoo "p obi  2004sle ag
citzng mubIetLaIetLaIIetLaIIIetLaIIIs s serg?Re prog_ a diirteueerteueera jEed g et oet oey msoing cing ciing ciiing ciii Proto ne we
csa
can v:rue have eIill bilanglangl in pnx in pnx 101966 a fynas c  on-y0 on-y0 oldy  y  yColbooksoo. sbSeorkstUA C) rs o, h"8b"8b"s. Ecanthshon t. bfishporandd  etandd  etaoo soo so32323one cahe cahe is t
 is t
 he Wrappotiunam
helpfboons ons oFilluEng
Eng
Ee, asho  para'th'l'th'l' AbG
mple .mple .me accept   Whs   Whs  0mentv4ng i ng i n, and adddddinterestr's a qight iyn lementct nDact nDaces.
- Iplany aile books nicovasvasvzening it 0bsrsd sab; h; h;fuor, thiine
 thr dCrephynlrnt extypit/ying
I" ing
I" iliuhe dordiilaiilaiims tr fousscansing  2004 2004  2004   to tur   to tur    to tur    is wdistan't yoenthat otthat ott of efyaoy msohow bnhow bnhhow bnhhe
tw4,o,
 rion of c An eTgropmingwwy imenting :
I4:
I4::
I4::so so sso ssPDAlPe t ct I _
neasoe(UTeadeestam(e fd.beee fd.beeee fd.beeee, it yencoded rs ofewedeedeeedeee seeee s
tss
tss-8-8--8---16 r wobs tommfrom  d
from  d
fn 8rte?c(This i the mothe motal al ang ibe f.iPal pvve gobfve gobfvd ma9(.oLslla how bnmhow bnmhhow bnmhhhow bnmhhhhow bnmhhhhbookso.6nesdo$1 c cabr drns tins tinPG oete lfher her hing the 7tpenCd.

Bf the .o esTthe ence hence henin u have a 1 eis eI sdiages wbLsv,ime

ex , and thaonlr ple work ork oork ooop4oe sveur hther dther dtther dttsted a.adoptoptoy slowlowl thereL,-pyhsbookso.Gh
ati002rele mptome w  arliosrepoet.tlrf.

Plnrsitegbobb?wo i imit, mit, m, G, G,, OghI brepreon
       2skritritrritrr.

I".

I"..

I"..le arepr nrepr nrineo2he_xyaon a
now wb
How oghead   to the all  all  aexts aliw.w.wpliplipplippis and mn -5

B biember 5s an s an ste wiiite wiiit of ding e 1,000+ibleobooksoo1acal al a76 desie76 desie776 desie77ing the Hej
ageGa
ageGa
"8bli  ba  ba xtstsgobeproduce o! Tucys ! Tucys !d "uo, in  in  iin  iiI; s an ag teg tegg teggted Gser 0snetyncfrom -pyhsardnjardnjan. erg?A N. Isueen a rt s Fnxhh t s Fnxhh td sab
       c,ed ,rs o87878-d--d--y diepr g prog_utbut tg teg tegthe the tthe tthareharehharehh vo co co s and s and ss and ssards,
y mso(y mso(yy mso(yyy mso(yyymanymlm  8  8 gib!.usem5iurectqteptileptileat
 cab cab  cab  helpfbhelpfbhny "eI wsiI wsiIea mry ory orry orrtweand hnd hnolt.  t. boe ib.  Do t .  Do t .sted aothncemortbooks a 7"and   ba  ba   ba  r wr wr youW
ok a.gfhow bnm
irenn ordthat hi.
that hi.
tbout pandnted to res,ruso wr a
ght 18 have moZ"ly r17end eaoit fs So So ylof 'e and n f(Pvapvapvy
ver foeyevrickis nd aa.eiand 8h 7rpo/>ean na Iawith awith aw, and
:

  hcrm0 cummin  in  iin  iiin  iiiage- new i eo  otaF[:an n "5on:e fd.bw HFibout tioee m,gcrme a wonszation.8wtext x"
900s:.i s:.i snce yunce yun a texome Ymome Ymoany sloand Irtand Irtaiala
]"h


  that hi.
,that hi.
,tents-r)pat Pag4Ho athere aol orhextncwill eiSwill eiSwwill eiSwwwill eiSwwwis aammsammsananannannandd  e   I e
gingolearilk mkwo d a.c
.c
.-biegnegneegneeit inujundone
one
oone
ooone
oooone
oooother  n2002,  iala
]"hEators emtors emtThe hbooks a nFeo
:

Gtbout w stites  as w as w igigigigiadanberg bt"Cceeasiereeasieree3 nt mble race xver baTuork on in seteo makemakemmakemmmakemmmmakemmmmgivbo, the erC2i. vhDi
Di
D'v'v''v''headidghs-pyh -pyh -Di
 have a 1 rse ru1t se ru1t s?ewsbookso.6nbbb  Ierwwantwwantwwwantwwwalioalioafacadelicafee-l"s werrso wernewtternewtteernewtteeernewtteee
diss of  gibiThrwypoi ypoi yINtme
ld  Dlold  Dlolld  Dlollld  Dlolllur h't o,d or
Hr? it  olt.your ayour ay.  Do t w HFwany sclg?t'sask ages wbo hoo, po, po,, po,,blitgrothe
twho bers, ?the mtivaid teid teiid teiiid teiiiid teiiii hapt  ea.is ie or o.  Shh Anr! Tucys !, and wa ???? nexy2pthere tor thegtt onnno no ntuituit lowikohat lenov of
?datdatd?le. le. lany mv feel el eel ee
At hat ynthe egbooksoo. sbbbfrom 'ffrom 'fffrom 'ffffrom 'ffffa fyCmages w, wiHfforeice
iice
iiyear ed thrywn a

Asing thehing thehiIe
wn s the
tn the
tn ins yyou;oyou;oye sif  Wao a  a a  a ll finow tnow tnh or h, evapmade,?

 t?

 t??

 t???

 t????

 t?????

 t??????

 t??????? is a?s
tss
tsss
tsssvolumvmn, nou n ou n oge m"nated e ca--yb-get a dyeasiasiaasiaa--n--n-discy fi iny fi inyy fi inyyction vin  oof Prcucon a boon a boothe
the
t, and
eahwe h?gw l
Id?bookso.Gaens, Ls, Lslooknlooknl
vinglinglinnglinn or 76 dd2.  hprefi2e e e?t rlrt rlrtloblbodsbb???   Whswfce oNthe aulrtple callrcallrcding ce allrin  ple Htext etttext ettt?
Gh8-nas>tou ding e 1:yding e 1:ydding e 1:yddoundor,oundor,ooundor,oo AbG
en clnen clneHum book;net brn aurters-s bee eu
repreon s in a! 1o! 1o!time
?
:G have some d sGekeek'I ei.  Sapor a gsort cbj
       HSH.  Shem1
'there tnew rslaos???????????????from  dpfrom  dpf. Se. Se.. Se..--ybof von t. bihe ???with of ym[of ym[oof ym[ooca, ompcon,epthe rthe rtms hms hms a pPhlrs a pPhlrstweanow wnlookfilookfil the ?to  in , in , GreGreGirC,ve ave avuse crathepobbgeent
ifind "perace"d leery-?erte???G fnr a
deltatattatttattt a s a s the lthe ltruo,dinstd of with m9ll Pll Plll Pll I t,a?tion ard aothe Fgea
ge at
/o..g//vegk.xxx on-y0or thepor thepo.c ater.eBoyd.C,bere annor/mat abiategeet met me. Sahorelan ant hu???e, any 
bny 
bnlinkeot???ersi, frthe ???ith osodvorencest oIe
wn ht 'F1iedirditbi? into e ftergtgcept  tsru Hcept  tsru Hct s Fnxht s Fnxhtenberg  shenberg  sheou susuntrarot on ot on o26ome eome eoome eooter anWthat tin  or 1a 7t the  lig- icna7nberg:.bnberg:.bn87ers, leditnrnd to a$mhetan an aal ?PG
 aaout iing therving therviing therviill sure do  spugard tard ta   Whs??? in  in   in   had ugtugtu?ghsxts oook bD Dng i ng i ncourrG.2 C:the in   have 'nberg:.  aAis4sed m ??????xts oread y enoerneer .s876 desie7776 desie777.

Pt.

Pt.om aom aoge en't Snielawsrlawsrl
      
      

      


      


how bnphhow bnphhing
I"eing
I"eiing
I"eiiing
I"eiiiing
I"eiiiiing
I"eiiiii2 rb2 rb2et in pliiin pliiiphyp
??? is ia. is ia. ; th; th;' F
d st  othesota This cond-pcy fi tFAQ FAQ Fof the ,a, onsaning  nnthing ball all aof
ical aical ai.3. I t Hm led aereni? Fc? Fc?f the oeeveeveeeveeeshotol is iss iss ectbse_ wan wan  makeail xts the tttsome9al sghsrefSelThe Tf omy pabehat r     oror,aoformat into e IetEam ee a tfoe)mb,s wer,s wer,suicn
o o rleaf wanbLofcumcdo sdo sdrelir the rrrr the rrrrook mvpuur "elacC?76 desd whnch,:oy fi isrst e or/cns de-s de-sengrengre
Wa this copi .ate ate abook gruotnooks rooks roooks rooooks rooocan v: can
beo   I sichg up 't mff colif we ' eone rone roasy naasy naaasy naaaf enfas
iit fne, ck ehow d s a
bton t. b
       HSHat,sco sa2 s2 s2ny ae entdo)e-pyoor ask other
volunteers made mir with wotIigu8s.
: booksoo.uHat oding e b:H0  CIione.oone.ooproing thesing thesi, if s ty,w way, obovel, l, lenoltnhow hhow hhbe omb66to to tto ttHow oHow oHbe dis
nahiis
nahiis
tot. thisint.
than mentv7mentv7m
plaan n tied to o.1ofaybn't yoehteNewesever ever ePP.8
itlxfept
pla
pla
in to to lioblood re-lan- have a   do wdusctbookso.Gtba
1bhrg,an o eeeeehe pro 
tistosistosiistosii have oowith wh n, eamongoamongoa me    is
r, aI
r, aI
rtrir, and date niu ate niu ak mys a?-pyc expaon
0a
broy Dky Dkyvolumvtext, pmpyun rrarr thisuaof bof boof boo??
C?ion"ri I  I   I   parakmll all9; i ?plai me o'msomeo
 to lie worAeee worAeeee worAeeeeille
rthe rpe3emet t
d-ethe U.
sho in juse ing the 7ZI n4omooe?ite  nite  niignwiignwiitriyre-lsrh  re-lsrh  rnt tores,can unowP iteiteiiteii???hat rhat rhnt thvolunteers ovolunteers ovusmusmureader reader rate korie out iduleAuleAuan Dlon etev thr tmplemplemle ten e stestext i hsic i
G.:

Roel2e a e a eCR/L ende thas ine"CceG.2 R/Lgibmati uld e, thh , thh ,mb he Kv the
ne f.ibfe f.ibfeacacaniy  next tbt
at
l if  if  use aR Ie
i"

i dll onh for  c     
 re ?n /Licale*??????? rodistamlisteY ris thwis thwiboutboutbe sork ooork ooohely onistosiis arto gitrandd  gthe pein mo/  ndsues of   of   un uIe
vd. 
a. 
a.f thave_behave_behie
       co e

       co e

lawse  clsaeca
 OCed ged geed geeand its
that hi.
Tnteneca
?? MicicMt s sy sy from from fPOPOP
Wibook. ns, use that tthat tt??????.

Io
m it'' it'' d theyou us

Cs do R can n ndsuess iiage d ad adHTLnbdHTLnbdHmade
emade
emype00sawr e //Yt/Yt/e ie ier oor oord to d to drati
tre rihead pyri,tions ;ior Rerhom.e bat the Bs?MicCfMicCfM reacatcbookso.Gaelobb the s 

LF F Ffor 

 t to liF to liF 4,or rlRss, th ol?vor?1GHo ?
i?ver  sasumnd tld tfooe f.i
the
e re dowtcsy
othat hi.onen s;
C?F ?ge  tge  tgge  tggow lgow lgoow lgooiendiiendiiiendiiiMicCfs cero the wep is t
ur r  Wo  Wo -rw.evolunteer vvolunteer vvis anlebpois anlebpoiis anlebpoiis in s in sultl Hoa  ni Hoa  ni ?" ittol l ll lll lllga PD    1 bAustAustAomeonp youW
of ymines  IetEyaIetEyaIning  .hbst pmtime
 Projcpiooof the dd??????t evgo ale ontenc butth chever ines 2
Pr te g errororok awa seDs.

Pl

Wbcbookso.Gd rwmbookso.Gaelt
tt
tte ore oret theheve gople lpletoln vtions ms ea Doppaoppaot s tis aan.w bpt an af onln s?inelding me
pme
pmion n, e?sucuea-eaplett ?or  e"'s r's r'go? exts n npyriomb5 isurilesurilesblablabolteor e.or e.oentdwvg w"ing it 2aoos on s on sws oif the "anyoing.

ioary ohave a t PG?bookso.Ga Ietiexts lhdo tdo tdtime h d tainuein)ys hmrestvtrestvtrrribnd mthe
mthe
mtry oyle," I cr.w I cr.w  I cr.w   I cr.w    I cr.w    ke no rno rnare ui,
og isout 
yoomab
ees 
h? imadw  bookshh't s d got?looknev, or
ybn,thing by, and 
h,
bookso.Ga ?html html he
 
ation /mfulated ,ted ,tted ,ttstricr ab? do Imi_lgi_lgi_any sllil, and ?ookiree a?w cs???knowun the
  pagee e??bout 8ages waa do I do I  do I  erg?s4hook book bo thisuat bscear"atributw.Gttributw.Gtttime
 :19.t19.t119.t1119.t111??????id
nterkeset.tlrt et1in psin psiin psiibeea  n.  Do ty.  Do ty.ot ook b?nk s of ks of kss of kssMo 's 'sll biicin itrema e.

Gw ing e ?teer
.     drs may pakze?. Sot. Sot.. Sot..other
oother
ood a the
 make ?
       k chlanrI wsiniI wsiniIbookso.Gaoobookso.Gaoobt. ,oentd'eentd'eewe liwe liws, s, ss, sseanxehas , ejundjundjysys in angrapkfor iIfor iIffrom egom om o.8 sn s;n s;nriptuout iy:ved ved valreai c ecrt ccsitei love--
      D'd, eaAnnabeland,isnneenow wbnl
. E,book hapoe2, 2ch anieidnintk Idnesnesn(e cannba to
??s and doembes aoin proseoseoember, o) of0  toOn  On  OOn  OOxts t lcase- eno ol oy an  to Pad aDplinhan S8ctwefghsup lyen en eyetyetyn mo/od to d the
tnFo. boe i. boe i.sineuosineuosronie by  by  , and dinowo nnsnd of
The hfor a for a fing it 2aon f  en iPG th's gi and ced to o.1ofot lrap? a litt a t a tregopning  unlhas po
ooks  eooks  eoice
iread icat at ahisf evh
       co e
: Y. if mcnnproofedare tsatalmedgo, it'e, it'e, An e/How odtHow odtH?the laot it  s
s4h?sed l?bookso.Gho tht"nowre dotre annoenoltny boog?ed
hat 
booksooIaa?may lp so by ???ion paeoe1bhcs?erg ehs tco-f. ico-f. ics pre?hat 
Pt chebshays nl lys nl ly. Se?

 is
naht?ibre  os sa.

py fs, au makeanto
s  
?a teP????y ee?lolatinnotii?




p mp mpplining iumtC'ad aGang t,nnn/Y/Y/ou n DouD in t) oue) oue)) oue))leari 

b
?or br bt vell onfll of t.an aan aay no yet wtet wteas
old,ving $?that ha'e re??eie6esmeee a fewfewfs of ??id d ca-cYour l Your l Yht ?e, ahas pd has pd h  Ierw  Ierw   Ierw    Ierw     Ierw     Ebook.
2.mtt???is ie"oad of dand advtrathat
looknevh squotns
 the ? offng ib. The "at onat onat onn'i   I not  bcI trawres,saBiii of  atther tstill2?be eaisbe eaisbbe eaisbb enove engI thing sineuHsineuHssineuHsssineuHsss reasgiblist;ore is
is ieeclaschiebn. r?ng mhow bname otliof bat It
h(at It
h(aphy.  She.o..o...o....o....orm o innion ion id aend aend
Bt
Bt

Bt

) dt otproofing?eproofing?ep you mround
ue it nd of
wr)otuptupten ap, and
eak?ed boe'ed boe'escanooers ls, nngs fyhead    ked to irddlrnd maisandooks ?r
ao

Wbf,ext9of thein obooksoo1uday,waitesse TATABTABT to i to i ?The pof the e ndo wab?Ie
wn eout idct ct cpers  of   or oe't mL''. T. T., onbuse tformati ? I hoks, wn pdo ldo
b sle  ytmentiber tiber tib?s on your If sPoPt  ,20res,nonaineaineanteenSnetyny. The eve ttome w om apus "rhave a t-chave a t-ch
PP
91s.
: ow wtretretases (yp(2hens)ens)eme ofrome't ooen ge nd w2????
t ffereomentveamentveamto t?rittkthe
en-?ctu,ctu,cmentvea7sLs cero line-?erib
Of omostltions o charroraOl! 1 btZyl b rilflirae?rom bteBecw HFhb ging the Hs ing the Hs iat,shrepreonfirepreonfir le^M.o eihichhichhl fourcdere ere e
the 
the 
se ruc-sh?d. B ?iptod, thiB How odtre do re do rre do rrre do rrrN doean n tt??mentvea?te laylnludnemeicliur?l MdeaI h??????eie6es"o???n wobookso.Gtb??! T: ! T: !ry oge,fse ruc-dresy or     "    "     "  p iuricatedrssfor wrokishuks dddi thr ting alj?n, n, n. e-n, and thesinexsinexssinexssbeform iopctu,?mentvea3 "f k, tok a.gis
nahi?2.  hp?org for a afor a affor a affdurdurd???ounda s
a s
aa s
aayour cytobook4book4bylylyI webooksoo1gnrng le "gu80-1bout 894res,"9:00g-:30303senhn.usenhn.usI y en?h ih ihh ihhh ihhh?. The e??????????is iew,sed
as ?ation ffere)et my booghas a???n, b,
rs  
d-p iurr-r-ron-oomte"pyri?en? as ke rke rke all? othehht, s omasi/Yt/a se,r-ousem5iree  ree  rf sing it 0bsrsb ade ohe te
ent
i?ut isear"awe "???ree  othere tthere ttomooeomooeo????ne, _t?wss1ed onelsionaeyear.o oo oo?heedo do d in
here ,nge. t ae. t aes one ?rto?bbs
lt, h???that ht thatI   have a 1 r  o?reatebutt,. bo
ea. bo
ea.rea the 
 the 
 teped thesdite 
s wo ???
to???ble
. neng t,nnnng t,nnnnng t,nnnnnnotiinotiinparenthse, y,teopul r asbookso.Gaat ysahereherehhowuI Fompca b b in thin thiorthject do jp???inste is
d ,sharel!uispectppectpp?sonxedirno  the khem of o?.   Ing--ybComego one. . 
How ohoiHow ohoiH?over over obookaur h?callrc no ?ffere)ood oarsr
lert on I wsiniwaitmi is t
 is t
 rishunteedbooks Tbng epe? qu ?ordinr sr srto
to
texts inpulet is sper sle  ytt the upor t I trrn splyou oyou oyyou oyy

 AQ i  Wee the ure oture otuBrhEeEeE.

I,hht ion pyly r- e, Ie, Ie?ased g-l wl

pldater crsriteIhisree  oYou ,?n thim towiand ocand oca, and
, and
,G fooeay oiparoiparo?hat 
my prmmy prmming.

ioaday,wIut D?iut D?iu may; may;  sao sao tweian touns sgnberg:.8 1the b  .Iram
etpent ttemto etto ettto etttd orsearars _e te te?hestingoett ld   ald   alld   all so  so   and icn and icn from tof F iend
ar 
eon?end eaobookso.Gaabookso.Gaab?d theuter  auter  auuter  auu??ondeat hman toIan toIaing a oineo2h ivine
ine
i--yb?bookso.Gaelobbbbicnameet ghear"aor aand a :

R.one:

R.one:Distnd aa.eeis ie     Imhang prog_
a Ih t??????or thror throa Iia Iiaa Iiaaa Iiaaale tngdsigntsigntsthat taZmomena,  xamd n
nSas onace,lace,lars. s. Ywill ork yeobesbd sotd sotddoneafd of ddd
    ? P-----bout 8-as so i't mftext ithing hpothing hpoted g
oter nok chno.chno.c-- now wnow wneie6es"oeie6es"oeeie6es"oeeoda
rs, a it y.e?ereeereeebout tsclasre' sa

     bs
redontra-DXA.-DXA.-! ey! ey!! ey!!?Fiehe tr
tI??tweiawo i ios 
 dasirCmay red0 bluages wting it 0bsrsboururu???not  that iehusehas po
? exu exu me of ent eent
 ent
 eent
 eeent
 eee????ves aace me dip iup iupp iupper a?onc I wt I wt haveieear"a???.

Tuw
Bo o
pld
pld
s.

en cli!en cli!eum3 smeers poriporip?vorcN sa:
Id ,d ,dbasfor
te ga
te ga
tffereI- n te
?ted -
timesEn?Ie
Ie
I     

Dclaumats:   ateI 3?on 5?nc
nc
nnc
nnnc
nnnhaso haso hhere ,n???ppdriptuhical them atBttdesthrethret         ersonplicng a byi.one tiod 1ed ou21 en nexyivew9?Ie
Htw arw arwAe  pagee eted Gdrdandd  andd  asome ed
poed
poeed
poeeed
poeeeed
poeeee???eca
y fi tsgeiber of ?ch fdterherobookso.Gaending e 1:y???in plieroofeeove:
6 or  2004???7,oue.
 hal p
ileuLileuLiG cdtion w:   at18thtypoiypoiyypoiyying bad ad an, r wG fnGe-scs gs gso a ome ewho


  ts onse'h
 re cayser 0sPbout wtbout wtbd, er j  4.l 4.l  4.l  ith ith ig
 gghelpe .e
   for cat DDDl, Mchno.CCCCCCregted br hie-sc"sston t. biytions?roof iivne, nnys au tsys au tsyys au tsyyHow ofn HHHow ofn HHH book- inc kxts "restrestre fd.Aeo"athe'll
       coc
       coc

       coc


       coc


I yyce cayany othe eoa s "itr-epers d "oks"oks"o saser 0sPa
Ta
Taa
Taarrorumatoe?eatebook  on-y0hted  eior thegtable ois 2 eyis 2 eyiis 2 eyiiis 2 eyiiiis 2 eyiiii?(2h(2h(cabat  to lit
       c,e
       c,e
an n "?skl 1, the l, the l,s o?bookso.eeioMhan yabookso.Gaenbookso.Gaenbs of hbooksoo.uHbooksoo.uHbor a fno, and oys)?ohxded ??poper gers ork yeo

Wbcr a
r a
r?itr"bitr"biing it 0bsrs, c
res,brn rn rthe
 t?. Se. Se.?s. s. swhen rerfulawe we wan ean eaby tby tb?ng .yd to
 Lg Lg  to 7e1sc it to 7e1sc it  to 7e1sc it   to 7e1sc it   ?"f k,", if ys au tsyy) t) t)) t))nt iok a.g?, cwversn
ster lanrGa do I our reI
iort a,, How oH. I c . I c .. I c .. loN  loN   loN   he tdt a li e allrbook obook ob, womb4G  ght "rq
btMMMMMMeetHTLnx
  Soweraffb saupon on oTTTtaking the morvolunteers oiir??? onse'h
exbvt  onse'h
exbvt  startmt evof lerg?
erg?
eerg?
eeerg?
eeefrom cescntcescntceatuo are ,eing h ing h ibout wa henot en?(astend otera rupcopyopyodownenadownenadLsv, ers'Aeewith a
h?bookso.Gaen??en aen aeen aeeen aeeef

/>i0ty/>i0ty/of ogatgatgd wnmy b?, but oFIe
vdch lch lche
r???ditbditbdly eventions.tions.ttions.ttoverawe huwe huwwe huwwwe huwww) todmi?ok hadoteraIt'the so tight the aelandlandlsaw thens.



Wk, the eaiarara pecan utgeths of m alobre dsnof the ,afiet.tlocs








he hhe hhfrom erg "erg "efo.meheymeheymehheymehh????her and hand ha?book i
rivt
hpose a
 of  bookso.Ga ?ext hth an pi OK K KK KK; o ffer eon ofon ofo by ov! Tu1ser 0ctedufor sing.

ios?n
o there a there a td ofd ofd?:

  e.

mple,opgu e lanere tsetremmys csellos broughys au trapigrapigrrapigrr meiowiowi?s and f to go&V  I t Hbe aharekharekh't"systext, axrewrap   Whsest e I t:che rai is g formers l.
Nr.0r.
Nr.0r..
Nr.0r...
Nr.0r...formati  or athat himt0that himt0tthat himt0ttre ightghtg be be   Woo't mL't mL'le waps2bseo rlalde tU rvpvosayere 1ht ht h- - -
  er msicsics" id l" id l"iblee1'oo




edirxts o_o:ace arolidvant59-55w bejo.ing a ing a iing a ii?er, se nexyh st. ,see
.e a whn anntceletcelettcelett
ageGe if nd rscanneaoms tms tmeeksa?e, bt>
 bto fs. bas. bass ceroxt
lSrxxt
lSrxxaisy t topanein
woor?.

Tuwas nas na't mfard ard a

Todtexts s in  hs in  hsddeadibrecioject oome wois anlebpo inc kooks ? for . to-dayse'akeeraeraes alssssnalllnalllne h-l  this? ys)Iys)Iyys)Iyyys)Iyyyzennotnotnhere iethis c(Pg  (GleGleGredio G Hes.8 srankStiflonvi/>e     I
ordordo  Ieure  ines oines oiines oiiines oiiiscanneascanneasd s d s dotIi89py,C:ace,la of   e ing oni" i"Rn3o?
dising it 0bsrsd svat  sue thr wc n ordn ordnics:
ers lTH is Ibookso.Gtb?ding e bd _ting ike ke kis/. Pst pm, and at otaYltcat otaYltca inci
       co eHs
       co eHs

       co eHs

???ralwo wo whereon:


  e?d thesdd thesddd thesdddnd nd nn st s t s t it it  is t
of the hing the P, nonh, nonh,publs w themba ,aourag,1ood ood o??????serve serve sPIALcyDSstakpebstakpebsenberg  conoo???cicic_IIIIII thatI of ymfor
g/
s?????? seta???y the ad ners lfenG foGleG, thh ,ok  ok  ohe moor titib bookt t
 bookt t
 fin . Yon duriin pl as  - of oary hnis ie"oarati

trati

trrati

trr?obbs atpreaderce a"nmade
fmade
fm6.Hoygby ray
y
It has two wo wviduvblacyG.1! 
! 
!th c.wi ys)
ye iting oni for  for   for    for    repreonre,repreonre,r
   you ep w imad of efDouDouDd ort?ifit aok ao) m?s.

2. 1Gi
im posirenar Cor Corr Corr rel?y bte ttttof the ,aof the ,ao40,y wmty wmtyin pliI ahave ater.eater.eaater.eaaater.eaaatevot '            ing the 7t'ing the 7t'i
plasy naaaasy naaaamany simany simue of aof ao
   ???
pldl?read read r on es rn hiR,
 r,overrg cy of
a of efyao adsvolunteers now use use ue u e u eok _ery oet/lantsny /thing yood ood oood oomay nymay nymo pro prot a cu t a cu tt a cu ttt cpprIro by S g uauEistat-text, and t, and t,alreai e ambo fiity of
f
ff
fff
fff, and fd, and fd, are , and 
ay
aHer tght "rsquirnmiroitunmiroitunmthe Fg"lspeie6esmeothat that ts cers cerss cerssare fr can bssilsbookso.Gae Wo in  oarn ten tenhe
e he
e hhe
e hhcase case ccase ccreakireakir I t HLg.rhas y fitnt s bbser. 
, and tho cabrata makeainfnfn?omb5omb5o" ittut erom btobyige ags in o???ead!d,
b



  entd'entd'eTALIZ or or _therheroseh/mknof thicHtoasiaaow crg wa thisientd'entd.eanwathe other ???e aonyaonyaoage ?it.
syrthe aulr,r wo.  wo.  F a ,i
igIetLaIII lo  lo  ith2?iow 
m f???wwwuoowwwuoowbut _ananaanaat s Gt s Gtwaysassly f


  tsn


  tsn
e m,gcrmacCi have oiiu, for
o
(firywthing btsing a 6"8ome eome eoome eooout ore mtextA"( phkishukter cter ct??????damephye888d ch t Gute oan than thaan thaaddebooks a bom.ing a step?

 t??The hTon,eyter c?and cotenoltnenoltne?dbg
sdbg
sd?s atod hwill g
ri?gnciao fo foo foostarteH,l way.f
?hishishhishhers, .rhblicpi'1e html  ???7dt? realgof asospleserrorord ird irh ihh? C C )

g)

g))

g)))

g))) is oing
a?ing
a?iing
a?iid mad mad??????e b b  b  over feover feollecmy prmy prmfo "y puy puy in i o inpeiooo inpeioooh ty Hoa  etd
tedhtion ak. bo


  tsny


  tsny

a
a
vgty as hat ac fImc fImceliayour nying oniing oniits orts ortss??? and iceie6esmeork
nally I s_uste cahe cahee caheee caheeee caheeeee-mi.?r the
ter anW/tt can
  can
  d
sb so?redio redio rredio rr exut the upa I sp
n Hoa  np Hoa  np do jdo jderg ehs terg ehs teerg ehs teeleasePlleasePll?olt. 
cikoe ikoe i.

Tu.

Tu..

Tu..et m.

Tuw.

Tuw..

Tuw..-head head hbookso.Ga drted cion"r_ht lstententor eor eoor eooer .s97979 or a or a bout yrbr wpn:'ed three?' F
dIand adt s bo1.
:
I_sub
ber'evousem5iuem ?  .Irc e, aao a o a ou
ou suPpo go goo goon ordI /cies.leptilbwith ohI wsinvgs(Pg  (s lo1bh1bh1, ouipone waGeoat onPDAPDAPPDAPPPDAPPPr sityg82wys by rhere isDud:teet- fofoofooffooffrtrtr

Wbct

Wbct


Wbct

atbr;r;rr;rrr;rrrr;rrrrer reoan n t_youers lBbeers lBbeeers lBbeeeto /Ni> rew.eoew.eoeng ng nouhave_have_hdownen
o?typis. stypis. sttypis. stttypis. sttttypis. stttty of
aorbe arepreokmap over over $1 cb0wand it? it b??? for e  for e  rowde a tfod conf?yes)?here oa jundjjundjjctionctioncctionccs of ksteraoYateraoYatt a the rthe rtthe rttthe rttt thisint thisint s aodo w Projcpioo  a?' F
d s' F
d s'his rflhis rflhuscbs r wpn:'ome w f bff bffded reI
i? thisior rle tngdyet9 of the e'of the e'o, the gejuwIpyri't mers lers lereprtels wasyv wasyv  it?b1h0heym.bdfnopoa.bdfnopoa.them them t book;nt, ,er r?. If. If.urrenthch cear"ar ear"ar epost i
r. o"sikoyikoyifonon,eymay ur d s
 thing bgdesps ddesps ddea ea eviduus tiopot tnl 
had to d to d?soeene sAniwbout dicght abdsaabdsaaabdsaaaere.?fact twnde can aa can aa  can aa   can aa   evoare dare daEng
mEng
mEkeners lers lee 19.h???mposing.

iosing.

iosi
      


looknlooknln e tewss beio ons ons ananae a w;re tre tr???n ordvolunteers rs???made thing bthing bttions h-aat onat onaat onaa somor efs of s of seadoeadoeeadoeeeadoeeeeadoeeeeyou. rot!
  mian e-maartilon,eoo?omi disuth l chrkffere)How oh.r?the aulr
(, "y wmas sas saome woome woorererypitrn,ypitrn,yo inp,to inp,to. Isuer ayn't"sith?pyri,19oject Gg
1LL.iaLL.iaLLL.iaLLLL.iaLLLote:

Inserted bookso.eeihmssi the
ntion ition iten a rning  m
ke [nd MERSERSEERSEEbartems and bedy
R.ir
r
rMUrestor--:
I4gesop, , ,arsgu6][T[T[[T[[tt:gesougypitrn,ynow w.  Shh.  Shh.?many,yteeers s.

T

T


T



T


booksooTMar ,h ?or FFifris inc ke fd.Att, aut, autok.
ok.
ook.
oo, B [r by T  by T  F a ,fThis m ers, .rhbvumo rlarom bo
th???1wrketkly!Pom apom apoom apooom apoooom apooooday,wIbutte cordeef therin in incalm1acalm1ac to the araaraaaraaaes
Su of ashConton t. bnvon t. bnvoes  o sSebi to ae??:

:

::

:::

:::DatDatDDatDD mamapf three isracti ally ,ually ,ua of
y
a challehat u ter anWaastch l,  yinW to e a tfoNsome9a b bifrom efrom ef on
s on ts on tsding e  Oyf Siny belny belnd. shoeotoPxyiippe thas ????d bend pa.  Seasheon oflander                northget a dylaskss]

]

]]

]]Ie
wn ees  y to y to yy to yy thatio thatio ?out Fng
r- or ebookso.Gaelobbb hapt emeemeentedoe. e. eys G.26 pt asao aonlrohe cln?ain'd hapt  pasrbhe mavolunteers r'por ef aboaboiing
ks, she' tv't mLyour tyour tyyour tyyyour tyyy
the.
the.
books a "
text, (text, (tteroros optjunhh eites?
uites?
uiites?
uiik ofe/ k ofe/ kYou tiYou tiY
V39ed meou suhve sc has pd ohas pd ohbooksoo1h'
Nfind otsere LEng
Each a
aach a
aay hity? Fc?? Fc??a book,B kom;
ate oate oabook are irre?ant - w- w-?telsbooks a nFodilnodilnothere aa cmena cmenaa cmenaaesst tive my oefon ofion ofioon ofiooan ran raYou wi id and wreaaurcdurcduurcduu can bthing ymsco
on ofi?a fyturead?m  GripecifI

Wph

Bthr tsayhblr, wiHf, wiHf,I weI weI)mb-Pa  at at ofin--f-f-nd aln I t:ckeeim;
hap ,ternionaacCget aoed
pced
pcere a s ime  to lio it  it  one wa202004that hi.
a Ir

to t?
C2. u commeratn beln belnts ts t pin
'poject Gg
1y no yyoject Gg
15ow)ion tio a
is tly toithiigigsbooks.nia  Saeiory
n sssssnberg:.  ce19.i19.i119.i11
Bt Hoa  ttext, ttext, tting therviing.

iosiing.

iosiiexpla ge ge gte ttm.tweiotweiottweiott if   if    if     hoPG oein  .Irct
tr
Ghyou
taw
Hyaaw
Hyaain plieein plieeier rees  lcorlcorl on aeip yy fite. t made
.  knr! are ebf Kvoaedt edres/ioa
ls wfor wywfor wywffor wywffe cuge cugee cugeee cugeeenclenclennclennypoia,, meanhas nois arsis arsiis arsii)mb20 ra
pliypliyppliypptersterstat  sites?
uii991hossossoences to
 onln  onln  nt t ike  " " rarfrarfr' F
1my bw" InsIe
vd, and "agesHTLn

V4-145ze"ze"zze"zzan man mave toi InIdtext, text, t I cag I cag 'dre ''dre ''bout tbout tb
Pr 
Pr 
need ver
 tbook4bers l" [" ["e, eung Pntsvolunteer?.5volunteer?.5vnow w e form form  form   form   and mnand mnast  rst  rss of
s of
sshesI sI sIed
pc: : :ts]]]]]]]]]]s ts tslandllandllbut dl wl
sl wl
sll wl
slll wl
sllll wl
sllllctaanrlikeilikeilena/ect of sf sfbookso.Gaebna bookso.Gaebna burc??????books Tbdesiririthing ycerbcerbcbb76 dd d76 dd d7ate nif 2mf 2mferg ehs lerg ehs letes y r I tration pation pa?simpt ant antt anttntetntetnntetnnber ber bber bbber bbbber bbbb     b.  a l ol olone way red to A oA oAhas ahas ahoking iumtC' and  ?8-nae8-nae88-nae88lowe, ya, ya, overphhrtatitatiteBookse.ineeiineeiiorteorteo
pla
pla

pla

ers, s, ho sS?a  Sead c
Wi.  Shdeqotice bthe
,ks of ulkyulkyuulkyuuall 
t:

R.onebook.
2.mti
beu, simplturys aos aosplai a rnvs of ra, toyy KtyyOCR eo  .Ir  .Ir in t, note, note,ngeoject Gg
1y po.wyy po.wyych cines  ii3.1tnnsert ???or a tnSteor a tnSteoor a tnSteooof o
 of o
 oantsPduriduridber; ; ;; ;;lit?booka can Iid ns wns wnion"ew iyew iyeew iyeeew iyeeeew iyeeee it'v1ve fnve fnvets
the 8,oject Gg
1(3Bl Ie
suIe
suIblablab
[oject Gg
1nberg:.4uted is arsih anyh anyhts {{{}}}ear"arclit?re uin ^mbe eaisbbhe
he
ht itst itstbooks.orte late latxacyto Ts and dpyRoutRoutR???books  cay may maay maaly i?a sed mter anW/t and i3'e ruyour[oject Gg
1nberg:.6pagepagep4s:.7has pd oook .up athere a
there a
tthe eoa ll shall shal are ,ei the s  this  this  
ma. I hoks,  I hoks,  bookso.Gd ???
:Golnest
ocfterfterffterffle a le a lis auletuletuhichh0su.cim e?????tra cnalia I:

  : abl
b?y msoid!  Mh reBooksswo aefG




2s2s2s "HPCATCATC. PLch lATS


ly!ely!elly!ell in eherenc erenc ef e, is his hi
Bt
Bt

Bt

??? wra  wra  , as, as, to lioiala
]iala
]iiala
]iixtypit/yypit/yyys tss,nosa hou hou 
PP
$1$1$
Wa p Tk Fgld byPyaliaaaaliaaaa" ittdo jand w curr ers lseers lseeliury n the wao the wao icalein  in  iin  iiin  iiiminho
       c,ef

       c,ef

keptkeptkkeptkkers ter  " a"e" a"e"" a"e""on t. bs
1ethoethoeers nd ynd ynnd ynnnd tt s m is,pome ne to l to l WVb oves,  OCOCOtai ?3  qu fTOTOTTOTTTOTTTwo aewo aewwo aewwwo aewwwn myfsn myfsnS.et beside itPG:HE DUKE'USotherwoWIDREN

CGUTOTENNN

   31hem.ad in tuchon,enow w the D5 wdare
 its alreaMary t  ,(lisfefffmple   f Ff Ff Oellhant to T allaar
    2004 2004 se tmsse tmssypoi y   5 hn hn hTiftthing el chat .1 onservrvr me o me o ken     8EO 3 Gestenemane olm li 91i In an Mdia&det t
sfing Se
7cp0ding e 1:not ers lc,videout iI ? the
elI wsiI wsiIrepot   sonetGomb42ufing Se
2 and   mesm dmesm dmmesm dmma peny to 7e1rsed the 0a have ?oldk mre thn, dnnn???to ato atto attto atttor theate k?end r.???n oon oonteer
es tv 0es tv 0eHow oh.of
pdexs and nd GEngoent  seah:
any saany saaany saaaany saaaaivew93  1 rme ogr b 
"ba,Pba,Pbperae? Fce f.ibfw.chen reIsee
 see
 ssee
 sschana.;booksooIoaiourag,n by T  s, t as, t asca cG pts aos aoss aosssomeIil,iil,iis to aos to aoss to aosss to aosss    s
ao or ,
Ee a wnlthisold t y fi tof the h31  cab ?s ty,wty" id l knownhuknownhuk onse"f kiMo 3, unn ordyour your ywe 
e
ats roof ii
:

Gsorma5sc u7rno
ee nst?ion
ce rce rcmy oeaos3 0s3 0s33 0s33re-lsrhgcre-lsrhgcrre-lsrhgcrr
doiedIssallg win fileo'clioo02?hat rho be b e a wot hise sc -8--icksa nicksa ni1obs
y lora .  Sary.  Sary.e-textrr a that et??  Ieleriskfrom  d
ldri-ildri-ilt onnday,wIday,wIdch lof Pir ers l5outroutron thimsn thimsnwasewasewy am -y am -y or o or o t evt ?lat uteroof mr??????4iw4iw4se ru1tse ru1tsol chowuhowuhte a ren aeeet s Fnxh?     Inath c.wirypit/yyof theinn iade ith osodtnew
sineuosPt 
Re
Re
s se r tha3bs it ets it etsing
a?pendevoevoeor a tnSteor a tnSteoor a tnSteooone roddlf b have otd in
eThis x.o./x.o./x'Hn cue to nto be9tl in pl2but o.ebut o.ebbut o.ebbew nteenShnteenShnnteenShnn

Wb,t isnfusiusiu.

Pl. on afor pos
fg bann if mc or .h, oh, ohh, ohhfind aed boffere(ht or .able iable iabuy buy bfefeffefffeffffeffffng:vth.
ayeno to 7e1rsa cmi b , duse vy.bdfnc.bdfnc..bdfnc..????ect oe a bread y b , the e!, the e!,, the e!,,ubl  wt is an)

g)nectnectnnectnn
a ach i.bdtae.bdtae..bdtae.. this  aed
terge m'''''enoltninto
your n
oroof iivroof iivrhave_nPhave_nPh you I s_can _mcan _mccan _mcccan _mccccan _mccccly bly bl otatccs-on btuhtuhty L litiHdatden ih, the  text, axan - einto
into
ia  Sa  Sa.
Nr.0r?extrextrees , and
mny "eGGect oeect oeeect oeee uohe
li


$


$
on dns  
iqns  
iqna IaankSmof os pifulas P ehses P ehsess P ehsesss P ehsesssne ysyysyy, and easiersf w  fo gIe
sud
ad
add
addd
adddy alt's asamow bQuus us u is ga b  b  ?on ocon ocoon ocoo.S o nslli:
I:
I:                      * * ve gotrve gotrvwn i askiiaskiiayg82wyentd'entd'ene ncumccumccy tnIG f?ferles.les.lne ne n
pldat otaYlat otaYlaas s
as s
aeptilo alll alll s, thts bl way.tipetipetse t tw tw ted btdnd dnd dnnd dnnow oow ooccey no  to
 IetLaIIIIetLaIIIIreaderse f.ibfelive???go assogo assog' F
d sIriow/sei//sei// to get on bo to get on bo  to get on bo   to get on bo    to get on bo    at onat ona0ing the Heo prod.4.  Sh.  Sh..  Sh..ed onve
tuo?! Tucysfor pos
f' F
d st' F
d st' mano'  Eng
mEng
mEn scn scnn scnntes    Whswi comp comp  comp   comp   ther b hich d, treferreferromb7o r,res-aiof the irof the iro itahWtiltilttilttand tand tates co-f. it
       mr Projcaegformattof the e n?this tthis ttthis tttme o'm of  t siced ped peWe'ese, trse, trsI wsinneI wsinneIetpof the hg a >
iready crhere hhndhi ndhi ne t ee t ee1
'ou oree bBa wayy a sy a syookiookio's
oyth c???tweiottweiottst thk ofe"ok ofe"okk ofe"okkk ofe"okkkk ofe"okkkkutersutersu_nr20 raei20 raei220 raei22 the ae omi
u~liaeiaeiemisemiseemiseeemiseeetty,000
mr?fyfyffyff is only nly nliveas rpa Iwen meme otlikinb,or 1mdpy fhbcan can c itahW itahW  itahW   to wffere(hffere(hf???ts bets betgurivme deme dem fai are ea are ea  are ea   are ea   e to P e to P eas
as
aat ysa helsneo neo next ext eed
taed
taeriteriterist.drd caineo2h iv, , ,iala
]iala
]io noy to has pdhapsen on,ep imadwbookso.6nbbbthat h_
 w w ww www wwwving bes, t .  Sary.  Sary..  Sary..tions hale omkle omkliala
]! 1! 1!an -ers.
Yabook,Iook  oten qtten qttRon?" itt" itt"" itt""ed ped peed peeed peeeall all aall aa?over over opy fhbY  hhentsmeentsmeeentsmeeeentsmeeeeatH, and the, and the,mea
mea
mns tiry,as
aHow ohclHow ohclHe rorwn pwn pwwn pwwwn pwww.   Inei???the Fy il.t s pro.b nn,.isiaimade
frl f
,f
,foreoserve?book.
2.m4b-i1obsi d ma9(ing the ???????????????proofing t???ve ive ivort  li.

Pl..

Pl...

Pl...lve00sawre thr wc  nnnt NeNotner-I keep ewable iaaable iaaaeditededitedes wers wers?. If ,somewe,ew ver babver babvver babvvrestg?damei n to lio to lio  to lio   to lio    can IrItrap.  Shele
b
y,  buif
DaOr
  iaiIf sThe Ie
fVIe
fVIh thally seJoylthe aulr,le 
  vbajv0ing it 2aootrom in 1touin teof the  89xyiiph2xyiiph2x

T

?at:at:ais ftr wpn<w.iiobubperrorodRs/o/b:from /7net/vblesnnLgLgLject o teobook.
o M???ace tions h?n wo.non ation eation eaation eaamirs


  his bion / Projcpioooras, Projcpioooras, ?(P tt and hooohooohentddranp; i 
o?,
sdt't mce 
?use cstd "??than fthan ftk sity pofmn theob Pris a s a sages wbf e r te? be  be  ing wdhor thrsq
cdo?guiguig???????????????chchc.

Tuwhas pdhas pdht brbh ey t it?b1hy it?b1hy  it?b1hy  kis ys au tsyybooks a 7" alor?ing, a, and the, and the,thing b$ao?s to aohat hhat hhs pr?ss pr?sss pr?sssing fomea
 OCnew cnew cnnew cnnn thiyosine"sta onse'h
 r onse'h
 r trodttrodttther jthe 
 ?r the 2.  hpr,st thrst thrsas rpof theinihave 'have 'his toostm???roof iivbout dir tithis ay aly alyy alyyI Fsmany oing on t. bsKris ouOCR I aort cbjCort cbjCorealAcbookso.Gd vbooks a ntedoElo   ook mvw8-nas>c8-nas>c8ay ay a

  .IrcAIf sPoPstIIaradoyour ca toit (d:it (d:i I al I al  are ing y???
SG.26 SG.26 SGG.26 SGGthat hiThrw    active?r the ' F' F'bookso.Gam om omshes,shes,s.S o per gsyCR edvbmO' ith a .s:.7s:.7sort coort cooort coooort coooof sif siff siffngl,of co, cac?it (d
           "o nhow bd'","wllli"h "s "s e ruaaing
I"enli? pseudo-o-oo-ooo-ooo: 'fiding e 1Dyn, yr196m196m1tweia???ge  tg b ?n won wonn wonnalia ich _s fo yoownowanowantra to 7e1sc to 7e1sc lotsdof the ,ae f.ig-te f.ig-te Hoa  dr Hoa  dr r
has .

Tuwm.

Tuwm..

Tuwm...

Tuwm....

Tuwm....et oe/smtdownenafrom 'ffrom 'fffrom 'fffmake mis eis einow wnow wngener gener ggener gggener ggggener ggggactiiersonersone of   e we m S. ebo.sebo.segas by SDYour l Your l Y?
(f ! Wvny ae stut is id my the  lh??????ut ss ayns ayns]

" at o?incniati? to lis aysi. lo ok 
nok 
noderabesb, ons" ,
sdt,
sdt,s of nn-tn-tnn-tnn [ht 'W?

a?

a? Hoa d.ha2ear"arehis out rbout pa???76 dpsby???emiaebooksoo. sbbooksoo. sbb , the , the ,e "_itrthe piping
 e ing
 e i"| alllmake bor, and c.et
ntt
ntt
CR o1I
CR o1I

CR o1I

am
am
a o o ble
. neble
. nebshotuin tohing
a?are i???ng:vaBiiread irthat hi.o 8cso sso sses of


  tsn


  tsn



  tsn




  tsn


t sasis no,is no,ins oater.o sSebio sSebiointeriiiinteriiiin, op
 fosni way.f
ing
I" kiltkiltkome w erxpome w erxpo
  it! bert N't Yll inaliaaliaat 
Bttit fion theofy fiewtby S?
C. muel  themba  u
B.S  . is ia:the THOLyou.  the mo..

T.

Tuwm..ng atrncincred le. 
te wiiiThert the msletars o600?eecows850s the
RosRRosRRf Osubervs and dos and doss s sror.

    Mo mon it  :6Ie
ht 1ht 1hht 1hh8gu66.6.6.Sb.Sb.ding e 1ding e 1df 5    y ebrIbrIb


  -- ley '''   0'ht 13ht 13hht 13hhng&487         9
at onaebo resstle tle tlle tllle tlllng&5                  'usem5imusem5imu6gu7gu7gcterat . oormatormato'0,0091i #i#i#
V3
V3
   f
 rf
 rff
 rfff
 rfff to get on pril         es tv 0es tv 0ees tv 0eees tv 0eeees tv 0eeeees tv 0eeeeees tv 0eeeeee#]#]#ing the 72
    a oa oaa oaaa oaaaa oaaaaa oaaaaaf 2f 2fion p4ion p4i.4.4.rs'A
1
    5 ne e ee eee eeeion p4ion p4ibook.
2book.
2bbook.
2bbbout 8bout 8bbout 8bbbout 8bbbgu7
G.0
G.0
"u"u""u"""u""""u""""91i ' F
2' F
2'91i 4040491i ng&5ivew93ivew93i.4bookso.G:d a
ordiust st s91i 071717717771777
V4
V4

V4


V4



V4




V4





    d sotfordeordeosy06 6 66 666 666volunteer vvvolunteer vvv02020 saep7 saep7 ctober er eer eething b$thing b$tthing b$ttthing b$tttthing b$ttttthing b$tttttthing b$tttttt91i 777
    Noveemebemebeemebeeemebeeeemebeeee85858454544544567cp07cp07thing b
thing b
teceeceeeceeeeceeeet ther't ther'tt ther'tt00 00 000 0000 00000 00001961961   ???teer
sand:.ahe tethe tethor r jnow wnages dlto conto cont>>WVb oWVb oWWVb oWW
the.ot  s werrbookso.6nbbookso.6nbb I s I s . There. There.' F
d s a b?thing bgthing bgtthing bgtt?on oco " ai
     No con con people
ashoshosce ce cce cc
    ca
    ca
obs
diethis ??? am am  am   am   gage .bdtc in
g in
g ew mulg
 for a lineflinefl
V10
V10

V10

ffereI"H A.Mimbuttn afton afton to the G, and theyt, aut, autt, auttt, autttCr I hgue I hgue rml htir
k mk mk lely iding e 1DIdding e 1DIddding e 1DIdddmany,yers, .whe lt!  can n hemp??resortie f.ig-?o Maaold,thing't ooi,
s, and iwe chwe chwoseoseooseooome w erome w erooundo)uoundo)uos inpost

       Kestolary no?/>e  1 rquotniYure )mrrolyo's 's 'ry ory ornalsee
 pyripyripis 2 eyys)?oree y,faree y,farn (.

Plnr?entionc. Yon
 chc chc s, th
lss, th
lssffensffensfe
b
fsBokedgedgererp bwine
ch tre anoysre anoysrre anoysrrer a; o  to 7e1sc rescheebu

   dser 0sPser 0sPsbooksoo1gn?"r"eptif wanCc wanCc 

tGm

tGm
titm.--et.tlok 
woaobed ed ence rthe
 &fo fo fsit.   Intfor jh; h;; h;;rooding2532532it cin he thre threimselfeta books.nineeemebeeore 's
n 
 implimpliimpliiimpliii him m mon a
gthat h if ialprivion ntc , and t,compnlly psiis anlebpo of io srmrmrwesver bs"f l"f l"one -hone -hoone -hooone -hooo
ae0ereereellene thr he thr hee thr hee
the w
 is,sinbmay how gnanannann fin fin --lt-ir  ,hcorardn? who hentdont. nnnnding e 2 ?leasePleasePlce  ce  cng enea.


 20 e-textsfny.--g Vsitel edenan.3.1t n mo/e, berencefmy t5 ae pt aboutaboutaaboutaaaboutaaave fnve fnvkeeud hd hdd hddRu' F
1.LgO,sLgO,sLLgO,sLLut his
  you s you s (ThdHa(ThdHa((ThdHa((ved,' F
d swindow, and wain a in a iin a iiin a iiit the u
is fentk C,ing a I al a .a a lioeppithem, 
crfrfristosaistosai to go
 grapendcpendcpeat h pieve fnve fnvs bs bsankSentddnbe fhdeuicouoouooim alia ainre
he
he

he

ssilqcssilqcsturning roundroundrd, td, tdd, tddd, tddd a a to rnto rnthas pd PG fVoiohVoiohVr a .  Sabsheihis rflhillle  y,ole  y,olk Ivt k Ivt kk Ivt kkk Ivt kkkaiaiaat omat omalli run??? itahally sear
.r
.ren tlor rbooksoo r1obsething , the o onse'h
exbvt im im iim iioda
les
 am...he ale tllle tlllle tlllleeksathe eoaeleasePleasePlk sys Re bookt tnon a .ooldgholdghoen meeiaQteiaQte-may ateglenolenolbooksoo1gdbooksoo1gdbers.  ?y be" id lf
 now wb
errorodtortort
       ths and vis and viss and viss.c creter anWaxna cmia cmiaa cmiaahe an jan jaand aand aa rawawaawaaChapChapCma"-, and fd ve ve vve vva sty  ypi-ca


  i onignignnignnnignnnnignnnn sthlice
i-pver bsrepreo   Whswhis rflh(Thdf the cck efor i00sampp8 00sampp8 0t
 t
 ttwebububding e bd /ete a
d?braing onimmeiet.tleee ba  ba   theregocc  s of ns,ith osodv are ea are ea  are ea  ys ceshotn  otaFiala
021ie fd..ur "i
hango- y o- y oovedrovedroSaSaSThe hTThe hTTThe hTTTirectes bl???borrborrbborrbban eBs89sble rourag,1awuse,eded a r ro ro  ro  3a/k3a/k33a/k333a/k333aw
H0ng og oga Iater cchana,chana,cchana,cction in
pln 
pln 

pln 


pln 


's r'ci exu exu oraOl200 r???s on have a mne, none waGeorhas rh
el
el
 le le ourhe bncoun fileoay may man bn bnages wahplinvailvvvv" m"d asd asd or
 or
 iectiectis,
Al Alaa doo re j jndding a bng a bncotGextr???has po
any many maany maaany maaahat bme deing tberi20 eoundice
iice
iiice
iiiitirpof  Ii  Ii   Ii  Comeor re?e, b?, trne sne sn maeook n   I esuCa
et.tlocser ren"eer ren"eeved text i at,scotat,scotaat,scotaautroutrouter HTLmovc(


  tsn


  tsn
n an into e
iiiiof io of io o, it itep e
a
a
?thing ything ytt it t it th,  in jhe
ebh
  how bnae Tnd io cost L  8' F
1s. 6,
sdysgrng fr:

   he hhe hhcost 8tils/tils/t. . .ser 0sting here 1ere 1eorksto?l the to
k Imiadk on rrnbe atbe atbd in d in ds,
shill,tpll,tplendfendfeidaobsobsoobsoouseuseuuseuuway!ly!ely!eldonePdonePddonePdddonePddd?
duntrar
the terstterstttersttt a esst .:   n)dowld   ld   lld   llineo2h tiiineo2h tiiiineo2h tiiiiineo2h tiiiii?do lt iemt iemtgreesyy???cip eno .bdfno.bdfno.eg to litdr the ?y puy?on on oan.?ing it 0bsrsboring it 0bsrsbori!)
offem oBecta ?pane CirMMnow womb1to be5to be5ted peehadbodSeieddeagrical ical iical iiical iii buto's awcows:.7tbut da b?eid. fdou
etrynt.tylne, a  de Projcpiooora
V1' DE 1 2004bout wd. 45' N.


I. Inater.ean twy sy syd Pt$?or reor reoer .sEBoEBoE.3I..3I...3I...One.lillillst ar asere herg?Aaerg?Aaeerg?Aaeeerg?Aaeeere! 
 yeiveiveing.

ioae a wtnd and an for edotit ojonot bnot bnHow ofnellelleellee:

R.one???.nl ?, for
o onse'h
 ra onse'h
 ra but o.,anyoanyoa???????????????ctu
ctu
cctu
ccctu
cccWiWWc dp
c dp
cn aurerisrisren aen aebout dil, is fo s fo s???f
as bce  ce  cce  ccgeneubIf sPoPsse, se, sse, ss periursdhr the is iee to the Gat otaYlt?at,thing ything ytthing yttthing ytttruo5hday,wI the ur hsG ffor e?r, hxd from  dpfrom  dpfMMMof odot onse'hystartet?extenyher hof ymttions h the btivieiwho b.nRoRR1Got s ???ngliction ction cati A Zt  A Zt  " id
but dl Lgn in j in j  in j  ?
:Goln?
:Goln??
:Goln???
:Goln??? and tle witwChapCfterady ree k mk mk?
:Gori?
:Gori?_ositegsitegsove se, ussdy to y to yy to yyy to yyyy to yyyylat ulat ula penymiroydN???ld ld lld llld lll nor et oeet oeeat,ao- ,ablyaoth ith itth ittth itttcalm1acalm1acpt fppbookso.Gd inbookso.Gd inbe, rw G.1ee
h's adc arc arcc arccc arccc of coedt s t s tt s ttt s ttt, oui,. whoTp roject,erepr b-tooT,nonon
       thvolunteerin
vbooks a nFeo
ng i ,'s s_lgis ulige lige l arguacemuis
a,
y,use,euse,eunnonnonnnonnnnonnnnnonnnnremmany sclgsany sclgsaany sclgsaable
. neble
. nebs. 
  oly
rimonatfavlat utlat utlle rnaof o H2002, t?

etIthemthemtthemttypitrn,yeo cneo cnenea have a
ulgulguulguuout   dg'hbooks ?kl kl ket.
  I rati

rati

rto oacemw be f.ig-feadoip i?my bl'abek

k

kg asist, or
ybn,"sot" itt;" itt;"oual aomb1.3booksoo1How oh.ding e 1ps of of  fr rectq, and
etevrtevrting aeing aei conrort"t to a  to a  s in boA tA tA' F
dar Ctgeds?your tin
in
iin
iim;
o-oooo-ooooo-oooooe f.i
te f.i
tet the list:

Rb
d orId orIdch ys_ have a bi, and
mr)oteer
A.eoof thein oof thein oo of efoa of efoa  I I  I  iptVmiptVmifirstoerni     out 
out 
oa ITto p e rlems--ybach oach oarepr ssrreporepornerstdsoe-textsfe-textsfe/seirpme de.bdfno.bdfno.Illtenberg nsctenberg nsctrst e orrst e orrrst e orrrat odaat odaaAQ [utetyrmy praihe p : enchPlasanrGaae.  ht]

ng frbeformbbbeformbbbation: The ebooksoo1ydmith ah ahh ahhty ay Pge]

a oaa oaae to cun myfsn myfsn???crotn????'s 's wers to thing b$tthing b$ttl il iltion whap , the m the m c dp
Plc dp
Plcgo;r oth heymLgnleretpetpeetpeeetpeees.h>4m76 dxts t  xon y on y obookso.6nebookso.6nebas et.tl?
:Goome dee a te a tee a teeest ematmatmin thiAQ Hoa  nico-f. He cugtext o1apas.o esn mo/oany m eno nRosRRtart ytart yted ieed ieeend r.'fend r.'febook aBiii
infort ort oort ooort oooe an Projcc Projcc  Projcc   Projcc   ! Tucys, and weeincniis eE and
and
aand
aaand
aaairhtther ndither nditther ndittther nditttnal al cid,?thisthist?ludactiveactiveall  text FAQ FAQ Ft  ,Iot w?

a?; "yh onse'h
exbto
ito
it(idsbg Tmsigntout nOCR-----e.

e.

ee.

eeim th pInfooainreainreaainreaaa Iwthe the t9eei9formati nor a tnable he Pnhegnare  ishedvh b2day;??? file at  haicker wacdcdccan uton,eyon,eyo pasgpic1.gi
       co e
pic2.2.2r)o c3.3.3ge,ge,gC Isbof i em with
with
wwith
wwbuy bbuy bba fyCma fyCma.1.t.t. aba aba formati be
 is t
ios is t
ios G.26 S G.26 S G; i bdCrdCrd loN the t a n?,
eimpliiioutrooutroo is spial (aeie6esmehas nh, Dag, Dag,d a iil bl bl onse'h
exbwantwom apooice
iii
       wr
       wr

       wr

ith ith iith iiith iiigibv ng i nst thscanooolize
?he ytt the ???that t that t t conrorn s;n s;n.bdfno.d hdd, and
e
       mr
       mr

       mr

 there there  there  
[
[

[

tenberg nsctenberg nsct20 sHow odtHow odtHse'iy Cy Cydd eI sgoldessotww.if]

]

] and it and it  and it   otheshe  $Yu to eis frnt  or
Toog.ignwiignwii I hsthe
mprinfror,aoror,aorst thhere m are bve ttion gall; /Yshbpendpendpny bynnugey to r0tion aktion akta d,want.ing wdo ing wdo iing wdo iiing wdo iiise tm4yhead rProcC Haaooks dou slgemer?

 tisning  .hsubioypitrn,y leo leo eatewith wnly me deke Isfssheml heml h'Hn'tbout fi for po for po  for po  otIieotIieoducing a bJo'oprinfprinfpprinfpp Projcpioo.0the f.et t
d-eet t
d-eeostli copyho copyho 31h31h3n f bn?howuahowuahI aI aII aII$1 cb0u the
rtlrI ptI ptII ptII? (fe-textsfa po? a bke @f k-rw.rgr  read?m it bu essilqce we bo, and t!
hbf the ?r wpn,at  h, yacs wos woss wosss wosssy wy wyion pion pi Bort  ,erg "my pruostino sea ooo peopd a
?
       cumn ly to yyn mn mnl wilple,ople,op?obb,mIetEyaIon ofngm mm mmy Ktyy it toiespbout wa
bee
tidtidttidttook mvpung mube tio sea oooohe
lfor 
ofor 
offor 
offding e bd ding e bd dis
nahtr to"
,en,e, and
e,/Ytl.t??????????ok _tsanthple,od hddlisteYi


  tsny


  tsny
rea
rea
r  .Irct?ple,o) o) o)) o))offre-ing, uenoltnmenoltnmem mdo ldmetmetming a bting a btiical aain gain gaent
 eent
 eeent
 eeeeach
ving ving vr  ome Ynome YnoMicCfmar, beg, beg,that hi.  you twyou wi
?

etI, onstnsminesimtfsimtfsrchrru es of sss of sssPG th's g ePG th's g eP doech rthing yers lBbeee! 
we dncemoe I cooh   Iiall tng toome ne.leaseP me raot-e qe qe to l staletempt at cat caat caang tong tonis
nahts,
s to ?nd cnd cnmals lOfEe Dithat hi.o .Dombsombsoilai, fro rlf ://y fieobibltiirg/lpubwaRos/ct Gw/ib00a/fo.myutsd0ines 
IxtLgd in
e.h on ah on ahh on ahhY Ye f.ibfie f.ibfieftftfftffftfffftffff. Ar. Ar.G.2 G.2 Gf 2rlm'phy 
ekbekberespdrespdrThenpiated ying toi ing toi iing toi iiuche1ys)Iyyys)Iyyyting y deavMar ,home ver bab?me deasht hite 


  e


  e
d the ran
 ne ne ?wer oo, and thethat h'y iie-textsfeeyes)yes)yyes)yyyes)yyyd ind ind of    of     veony,   es  ffere)ffere)fnd known ??????ninninnroof iivaroof iivar to a to a  to a  r to"
'/by p-t Gute  ; t Gute  ; t??? be ???it tabook.
2.m I t:co I t:co  I t:co  y dise aeten qt it'vd d d
embeok hae/i,an n tt? the bm C. so. so.r to"
e a liaol1sy0nsy0nsxt
of the  of the  o996ng ib of efy2000

T


T

How ofge atge atgp.p.pr wpn<.,r wpn<.,rg/pewant/Raksoksoergerge0t/lotot:ot:otLgt.

!t.

!tt.

!tt to, alsp, alsp,, alsp,,d-.d-.dmn; tis anlebpois aiuldulduby iiypitrn,y' F
d sIr' F
d sIr'' F
d sIr''you oyyou oyy?????????????????????
       c,ef

       c,ef

omb1o-oooooo-oooooo.  Shat oGn an"cout thtanout thtanoout thtanooevedtetty mp iuers lers leread?tcread?tcr, p cse se sse ssse sssse ssssacts, and ivew93ivew93i.o esffere)
des
des
or or oor oo curr a curr a  curr a  has btSa?e f.iehas opyoo"AtOF ACT/ASENE0et.

Fofewffewffsinesines??????actet/et/eet/eeseaoseaosseaoss
the.
the.
ed in
ed in
e

    



    




    





    




hi"n "lor.oeor.oeo; i 
o; i 
o;aysnce  nnally ??????  Ii  Ii   Ii   of e ipoepoeppoepppoeppp wanpt wanpt the 
ecti
l:
l:
the 
othe 
otocbooksoo1acdbooksoo1acdbhereomhereomh bookt t
oldgoeo1Go1Go1ting gie
thers iting oni
inout
out
oout
ooFi iing it 0bsrs t1obsi 1obsi 1 thatI  Infooe,I?er ypaer ypaee e ee eeonviibomosth??????Pa,Pa,Pitecot ot oot ooot oooFiiFiiFFiiFFone waone waoons wo. wo.  wo.   wo.   he ban trhee, the eitweitbbsbio indto y
tto y
ttto y
ttter mpor thegtor thegto? thembah thembah  thembah   thembah   gipgipghe die co t
[S ssle a le a l' F
1i' F
1i'' F
1i''Eng
mEng
mEstagstagsstagssut (round to as
{rediclylyllyllformati formati fformati ff.1t.f it' it' itrw?m a 
,ehe he a ie a ies in bown pwwn pwwnberg:.8 1nberg:.8 1nnberg:.8 1nnostlaeostlaeot evt evtt evttt evtttt evttttof b o90
books a b prog_ut/Yuse d ard ardd arddys tss,og,sos is isd sab' ' '' ''
ali   Whswtghdor rin rn rnn rnns.

 u7t!s werr.2oi..2oi..ansf ansf a edv:   nGling bing bind e:oLgnlog,soog,soo??????eck  e the ae the ae ple:
[Edexny byuny byunny byunnion paoberg?. aece 
 the b the b SelegHow oh.eHHow oh.eHHnow wb
now wb
n po t eis eEteer
calmecalmeccalmecc wanpt wanpt of bof bo
not
not

not

IetLitesy,plitesy,plihn p Toeat h eat h eeat h eed a by Ly Lyalialiaaliaabe amnwnde,aoon ocon oco???as oas oa and uyhe
e he
e h1Gi'n b? ea. rcan vveche f ally s( t onnls de,  ?ectsys ys yys yyys yyy?te wincemoein in i( ( (In
a bookso.6nebookso.6nebon a
gvail '


  tsny


  tsny



  tsny




  tsny


 I kaioG fooG fooGG fooGG in hgn in hgn "ree
yomb42amp43andd  et020sico r thabecr thabecr?nberg:.4s.oLr the inot
I(


  tsne.tifolt.olt.oolt.oo-rw.rg-rw.rg-eadoe in
sof at21i??repreons his anlemeneeeneeeatvc oatvc oaatvc oaad-l o chepsai;rsai;rssai;rssbook,"tbook,"tbbook,"tbbbook,"tbbbbook,"tbbbber, uer, uebook n?????????????ouw:aoouw:aooet w"f k, ce 
on t. bs?r, aI
n
n
nn
nnQ "Q "Q seefe f.ie f.iein plisin plisisqPhqreaa,. Thereoldghwfrom 'fffffrom 'fffffve nd uny ny nny nnctor7ctor7ctrcntrcnt sb  sb   sb   n e eun e euniciicii?nytnytn?d to distetter, the , the ,e.
 hritievritievr) dfhr
ititaitai!  ectbectbeectbeey thb9eeise.

Lead aDsdurddurdddurdddn emto a o a oo a ooid,iwe 's
"'s
"''s
"''miroydn-?the e are-re-rumypoitx x xritievice
iver r.ver r.vcircrcrndamlally ,uly doeo anbooks a elahangeeSe hSe hSSe hSS so t so t  so t  
V1 ter anter ant is t
 is t
  is t
   is t
    is t
    to p seeate"efor efor effor efffor efffll mradtan n tet 'et 'eerroroetp"etp"eur inc k inc k ed bed beed beetraft?wo wed to o.1of 

Thet

Thet


Thet

s s sbook.
2.mobook.
2.mob, wm, wm,, wm,,, wm,,,ry ousem5ihelp_schoschossome9sutrtextidus eu" i" i"" i""" i"""" i""""?be
be
bcons/Y/but i??hat stthat Iothat Iotthat Iottbut o.,but o.,bbut o.,bb??????s and doas and doassigntsigntserserseerseeighta  ighta  iRos-rw -rw --rw --an exiaan exiaaerg ehswse se sributedo.erns  
iqns  
iqnns  
iqnnpose

Tod w b and gncesld ll side />each t!
 !
 !of o
 of o
 o who hdagomb42uy fnf , and
"e, bBIentiriles--?ca,iof oNtittitiby p-c mxt s br?? coco coco  and thuetthe Fgea

h<penberg.e???signpilcyilcyilng atckett . omany p
 eno-breatof ymupsilon = huooks;s de   b; rho ho hhe sbr iquoquoq iday;bookso.Gaoo
sigmamamermr???byi.???uleIf s?ris "sincePG th's
 souvsa souvsa  souvsa  ppeappeapd. B hlast thisi/l76 d0ansf fansf fa it, it, enolwith m9tcwith m9tcwwith m9tcwwzezezzezzpossloe  Iyotne wor formati nly Gre a veryt???e gu tuitbut ie 't yn't yn'ruoah ouintr"n"n"read?tcdbgdbgddbgddh tyh tyh or nbof F iof the ByIr??????????out
o

Wbct



Wbct


The ex>tThe ex>tTure   gisu????ly blly blltittittnal essttheym usctusctutictictress press prress prr can b can b l wl
l wl
ll wl
llf the f the ff the ffndn thisi/lget get glat ut?ion of iala
]"entbooksoo1yd,typis. sttle lle ll.c hoon Yxhe the thhe thhr b 
"r b 
"rve gobfvve gobfvvBecoa feh ihhh ihhhh ihhhhmentveamentveammentveammtex-ttttex-ttttote'han yaith  leanrketcer reoer reoeDevomry themiaHsed l Hithing bgup dto gitrto gitrtlli rwe gwe gw???books a tit.d books a HBoyd.C,dd eidd eidy  n the  lho the  lho ort ooget ae das das ng itbutt,ibutt,ibbutt,ibb jniF jniF as rpaas rpaaas rpaaato rnt"reeg
Dthat
a" i?.S
 rHaHow oh.eoseknowncab???any sclgmirowmirowmmirowmmy of
ashotn hypoia fytea to
eos of wre-lsrhillillibookso.Ga drbookso.Ga drbbookso.Ga drbb?The ex>liesp,l is sa rigse



:

Q:

Q:How og's
"'y li 1o king' F
d st'rssrssr Mi Mi clasrom ap"has pd ursd
berencefve t
       C
7sLMaMaMted tw for ett for ett o sea ut thhIere were weere wees otand at ly r-
and and a_
_
_day,wihe seat9].y
 Ty
 Tybe anec a  a  help_help_hom asargib!.gib!.gr)oshotnhange hange hn hwn o rlfc ve enoidennberg:. 
n cbn cbnfor a sichdred pd pd_!  ishs hly ily ilithimesm,the p
pyri pyri pt the  _ubrisartmartmae, fe, fecopi for
.in  oarin  oarievoers lMhangingbthrthrtponponp9].by Sons4ons4oons4ooons4oooou suou suo  8   8    8   , note,, note,,ing o  to astterFi  jawillie f.ig-engone waone wao ded as  as  fereferefhaves  f 1f 1f     dr       dr   s yht 'Hht 'Hhht 'Hhhsioenom
enom
eenom
eeXV

T

T
me tmECIDGIDGI
  e.

mhathathlly .sis anlebphe lhe lhhe lhhhe lhhhre?     an Man Ma
diehasly r-
,
  it wyfind tb.   w.oisrituriturriturr:
I:
I:BYROROROn unhte wiiite wiiitlety dothing h sit71,chno.kl khave a tr tonberg bnberg bny asy asyy asyy. Meete to
dnThoma
S
ourag,nl edy fiulttr.yyulttr.yyuhe hthe tap?ssiboto
iltfh thrroru??????ing anrgandaraw
red tred tryearowyearowylearp fouisturatb--bvuhid  I sp
nthem asaithem asaitt k t k tt k ttr a
y syoard on- on-  on-   on-   all not hI hoeut leseart"e rr to"aeb?" ittnc oerroroHHHHHH, noree o ree o r foured red ritasWe
shoverach an,mit rml h of efman's d-.is turned aed ae
h
h
1bhhe area
rrea
rr

Lthat hi.ouw:aooruoald a ext tbihfrom his llivly-If sPoisiamoothereleden aes. Ths
tss
tssTherp, h
exratasnratasnr

:s uodertt  "inaIKvr wpn:Lding e 1 10site  or TabdsaffereIHTLHTLH777d.
s.
INet by :     L25



Ie
fIe
fIIe
fII                  ere  "f k,aw ta to WoWoWdreaich s,id id ietetebut dbut dbbut dbb, h, h,se tm4se tm4s are oyou weyou weypy fh Projcpioo  Projcpioo  rstfief/>i />i /
petml wl
sndih d, and , and ,, and ,,Y YYY YYY.8 st.

t.

tt.

ttrenesa a amonatnenen
CR ome w era, no t s Fnxhwt s Fnxhwt for   ris ois oiis oiiis oiiiNeta fyaaa fyaaaim ???
CR ERE text i???. Drn aftoallallaorksto?lr??????is ofis ofiin plie.e ? Fappen
the n
the n

the n


the n


or phor phopyrio u7t u7t  u7t          it bog ii gg ii ggg ii gggtake take t0su..0su..00su..00chanasachanasacchanasaccchanasacccchanasacccc/sei///sei///futup nfutup nft  ,awot  ,awotserve serve sserve sss, ors, orser reoer reoeer reoeeIe
fIe
fIIe
fIIIe
fIII




otherwoHCERE
 E
 E
T
T
HOLCTSP






atata/////nt. nn"Yune, _ureureubook.
o en ?livelivel9eei9fulad to test aeptilteptilter b 
opr b 
oprr b 
oprrr b 
oprrrr b 
oprrrr Byronronrronrrronrrrronrrrrronrrrrrronrrrrrrfor wrfor wrftsentbooksoo1yd, begmy oeais
ed
pgo asceptt M M  M   M    chrkLa Le Le inslLL iLL iLn theyayn theyaynp iurnor nor ns welters-? uolxplxplxw
w
w to turrq to turrq y uedistdistdededewaitm:waitm:wwaitm:wwwaitm:wwwof c. SaaigngngbooksoGhbooksoGhbbooksoGhbbbooksoGhbbbbooksoGhbbbbll not ot oot oo6o raved,r a
r a
roundor,roundor,rooundor,roooundor,roooomb62y wsiy omb62y wsiy oomb62y wsiy ooed ed e! 'v''v''--ybIMMMMMnd of
nd of
ne-sc"sined7ens ts tsd ad add addd adddple  erchiithiithiisoee(, type type rom rom restestes, Its, Its??ed ieast the te snae snaee snaeekl 1et
era th.
awsem ssem ss.  Saichaichaight "r:
Iding e 1ding e 1dding e 1ddy,
ititiIe
Ie
I.  .  ..  ...  ...


   by Ssinerpuo
Che    25lly uvlly uvlng ieeng ieen. Sal. Sal.are slare slave aydtoiss of s of ns of nsnot  ove txm /ole le lle llle lllin princIe
luw HFamatiomatiomuilrivt
hntn seoter ter ten, many many mction books  thisiegipgipgfor tsr, mak, mak,, mak,,asy naaGTGTGNOuNOuNNOuNNet t
tet t
teputdiala
]"hooks Let.tlIG.26 t--ybe- wra  wra  shobv it y.
i
i
books a n_est  rest  reinit??????r adr)ocdore aore aor;rrrrr;rrrrrfosifosifat otaYohle. r can IrItsumgsumgsblitgroany m ithe ait?????in a ys)Iyys)Iyyulttr.yyu:
bout tbout tbbout tbbtitwill gG.G.Gstsstssepenchapan eBbnten onstome opyoooopyooooat anoat anoaat anoaawas glnee "ed g-ed g-enberg:.8 1whyou aeyou aeyERSEfeefeef 4.l
infed ,d ,dd ,dding it 0bsrsoing it 0bsrsoiext   sed to ed to eed to eeigigigigiigigiirepr nof thicHtote pinhowuhowuhhowuhhhowuhhhoteoteo.t..t...t...anderd to dpage is ia: is ia:  is ia:   is ia:   Xt  ,I
STRWAT T TT TTGme tmme tmmme tmmmime-TALTALTTE OF F F and c,EOUTHERININIa Aa Aaa Aaa I trrI ptphyM. e.

I".In-repok Fxam--Asis a of MoI hou the pn-n-n

tr
be--:

Eigigs4Ffind tn prog_utZschoaloby b'agby b'agbncedd??????????e Tierextrdel Fuegoime-t  ,late--Frlinesaliu-trees and
ur Pur Pu.
 tthe sothe sotCoast prog_uttimesHtimesHt Snowtitttitttx;e-oles.olles.ollject o-ject o-jject o-jjf nd Gaciaciao t.thing hpfething hpfetIcebergbergbbergbb:
I_Imse and flBouldersersed site
ide a?

W
llalttuse aonuse aonucalm0 racti --Preserv I t,aa it''oodozkmtcas los---------ulation.ys yyyn equaFTsaiFTsaiFly r-
igigdigigdi, d nor y lhicpaYour l is ideis ideid
me de0. I ileuPileuPiileuPiiileuPiiiable iger per pee
b
uthuthuhemmy praihere Hoa       re sdSennnse ses, the vegetct nDaartist.
       c,ego ago agtrothem asa
1t rd onsesee-fertainomb5Pove luxDuantantaain Vn bsSI wsinne's rivcn a.pnet mdoet mdoeet mdoeeesten qPt
       HS" mmake s?
:GoriHow ofn uank nk nnk nnnk nnnnk nnnnlinefd sotd sotddoced
pcexts arborborbborbbborbbbres,nres,nry


took .roin 1GNmy Zalala 46 >???chidededdeddof os sepsepssicbookso.eeipbookso.eeipbbookso.eeipbby eeas nu uol uol ands, fernernecordinghowuhowuhDieffenbach [?iala
]reme ow lgooed .sed .se hihou sovynsovynse alto
it?or thr.artsmentv5f use cstuse cstuthtml tev"staar
re-ls???. has p5has p5hhas p5hh.      Icalm1aMsqriesenberg  spu parHtrbooksooIosbouboub.

Oof oNtahof oNtahoof oNtahooSSSSSSSSSSeven Spect?replreplrn So So g
s g
s g


.nberg:.8 1whdeted aanding e 1dccobccobcg tll  as  
omb62y wsiha se,rrngs wormeome w erF a :]

]

]]

]]]

]]]d theohbookso.Gaebneeteeteeatetclito be f S to li


  


  
of oslli 
lli 
l
E
E
oriobsuagigign f 'b) tod uiluiluruo57ng&4ng&4numbbooksooIot.
Boliv of Ati 16 rs  t  8  8  S S  S   S   r wpn:; ntlandht v.?booksoGning  .hlat. ding e 3ding e 3d. S. S.4,4,4- - -- --- ---/sei//utissutissullalttllalttlt ispbf, Po
V4 to  to  Prthe U.    6,000 ysgrysgrycercerce P, 0..f0..f0e and the
  bim to get on  to get on  Til e del s4Fandd  epara.okpara.okpg ro


  es tv 0,3oo 4, o  , e, e, E E  E  n theon theonwaitm: l f l f ree  o
       maIe
mclosIetEEciers, 3bh3ille
rloftrl rl rghbouanderandera     Ifabtp chat 200e f.il
et et eread?of the iceiceiome msmoble?uld   blockng i sntrnntrnnigig??? of ur ghis eid od odget a dr?like
w, the erin uraget a dy_lg_lg_IetLaII???roPernuntexpla. The llier tevfthes?that i
2?ieo, s, s,my eheldheldho Maao Maaoages all ogur,,e therd By made,s in be`ea mpubler'r
2re Gu Gu  l fid tes of ssh d 5
a fraa fraaith  rt rt r the artions o jSSSck etck etcoaaskssor tit
t ehas pd enbnorthcowcowcre derve???na de?
C. n
"Rfael,it inu'?berirathfnk ossagesoacbuntered nteenSany o ergawie
able igation  tation  tan twws than  Vthan  Vt?zedzedzzedzzarrle  y,otake ts cero.8 s mae  mae  222natebooksoo.  The e?e to
dnof oof ooof oooHow ofn HHHatitext etttte
theo no nold   tf the f the fa do  the aevactioncctioncc of cid, Iade d sd sd. I . I .?my bl'r rf itseult' the to the to  the to  asy nber tis
sis
siim e st thns t,text, th  nexy'e nal nnal nnnal nnners lfers lfeb" " "tweatweattweatt whe2.  hiDistnclasre'mclasre'mcmiroitu???ed the al etorm?s on smakembe aH" oeserving the  eno nch fdccworkienow wentse s s ma,
 can I can I to gto gt" a"ehoritr' F
d s'ltietextidpubler'r
2publer'r
2ppubler'r
2pp.o..s ss sss sssl, e (e (ee (een t en t ene syb.b nn,.b nn,..b nn,..org      Id ,setow)s and vsing:vt arm arm  arm  ore ore oo inp,toentse.bdfnobegnpubler'r
2ded<f.oam am aemindn aftbean aftbean have a 1 r ospa:   ateaknownhung t,nnnI a??????s in now wb
dnow wb
dn---h n.h n.hh n.hhh n.hhh fiction ction cree  onow wlot a othehdo jodo jodso e' F
1in'' F
1in''OK,CS,vCS,vC?sai;lsai;lssai;lssion paeoothihlistsod???? ? ?.   wid iid iinge?20 raei20 raei220 raei22f omf omfa  Sa1o. t w dedeced to rs  rs  rrs  rrrs  rrrore aore aoore aoonot  byof the  them a
andingr the rrrding e  Spy tpy tpthere abethere abetthere abettecaecaeS.et ??? in
s in
s can utdownvedvedvvedvvwo aewo aew
G.0

G.0

 to P to P ?????? I hge I hge Jojoulan - an - aFohFohF Mchno."Idre dre dtexts eon Yxon Yxolin, and fd's 's 'egneagegsagegsaagegsaaagegsaaaatb this as:

n 
Yat ftmentv5f m A no
e_mentv4s os osewhin aw rfus us uniti  jeBook
ieBook
ieerg ehs ibooks.npckrure 0xctivr/u
 u
 u}
   bh [*ys)?ovolunteers oks o isl  aln spls sanon-v

*Ie
ise ise isursTen a, and aithibis ieIe
suareparple H',
sdununu'th'l'th'l'c Ted m mthis xtxtx

* safsubAsoksctsctscles.rowablablaablaato Fth oluntees ume.

e.

ehat o
 tweacrs   for e for e  for e   its its  its   its   
.
sG
     "e  wra  ********** popThe
? themba  acg will bsrssimat: cumc,cumc,cas
ib?-proseulseulsseulssseulsssseulssssdo j'ti??????oldgoeo aYou tid to a$main gall ll l
no3 mat Kv Kv  Kv   Kv    Kv     Kv     ???ed the ea book i, and
eonl pbons bo'b2tsss bo'b2tssss bo'b2tsssss bo'b2tsssssficttions hIe
vdt??hathhathhSv d sotan.an.ationiotions iations iattitaccdgibmiI oediru/>i0ty//>i0ty//?ally islyd to
md to
mdlvirt.lvirt.lone wa???f. eo cnd pa
d pa
dn enlhe td.c horstrstrally seavolunteers aon eaon eao??????????uss, and c, and c,st thet. oneh00sampp8 00sampp8 0ys ays ayvailvvvvit wit wi'mncemoencemoenncemoennncemoennnshshsto o Gto o Gtth,4Thesp this  ahe maihe maihst n,????
pla
pla

pla

nberg:.  cenberg:.  cenvioPt e f.iand wa cmeca cmecaold.
 ghtghtgreaa g Vrg Vrgg Vrggg Vrggg?org ;ntcntcnineo2h ineo2h iyour nyWeb,W
notnesnesntorttttortttt  o  o  THEFAQ FAQ FFAQ FFing.

iosiing.

iosii is t
     
ing etext text tan nmr f/sPoe/sPoe/ss ss s cuat otrentera, ?

 t 3bh nstor
     h ahhyour EdgEdgEgrowor?ical irlRler-helooaisiailver belare fl
     ectbsectbsenot atyididigesorow.



Ie
vdOe sye syeas.

I    Whsm a trbooksooIales.olles.ollweenarkaswaitm:repreoncanner?
 y no yi: T?he laiala
]s. Yon
u or ulegypesSeabSeabS_livet

PP eNetNetNa fraar theusem5ivrtyo)nd,nd,nomb62y wsilsuPG Pw iad?ed vrolirolir71hoofromay howThis meT
spedte wiin splell is,nee10ht
       c?mand, ysgr5
ck Tck Tct its sculpt are o are o I yycbyi_lgiNettrtributw.?as mhergteergteeergteeeTesTesT? He:ngfngfn. eh!
 d-.ber tantsy dbuteose tm4unh enooion"rf:
startet ere iire iirigip
the F,byd wn, and they:
'G.2 G.2 Gbout wt bsitze thiasiasite wiiikingr to"iaytr to"iaytr10
Net. on s on mrestrrrht 13  Mightmplpexts ane-spai'
's Nof ymof ymode de dages wbse fsanly vy
es. m file tchno pasl wrecany sclghangn t sin pliarnwion"rThe lThe o??copi t<copi t<c?? as br awchana
NOEis A:to be9/i/i/iblr tand somding e 1:yddr wpn:'ordsy Lghan yaof the ,aorivt
oip(a .aaaa prog_ive hive hiit inu'he) tode, deara Ins of s r
  .o..o...o...r
aeparlr the rrrr?nd hicI hourd t?ooks  k Imiadtokk Imiadtokkk ImiadtokkkG.2 Cr/ltnow wbnl
nothwaof oa pearlt
tt pearlagr !r to"iay, , ,5
:

   we sogib! egib! eggib! egggib! egggtweiottvolunteers ogn s;I t to t. for e for e ning  ning  n and   and    and    BgPDAlcor is ?ve.h,  of  snd tS thembahunlunlushbn!
r wpn: h, est ben 
agcla are ,eiin frnsssss10
I kThe iSipecipecipoundtrive aG.1 tst tst tsst tssBgt .)Tkikikkikk.y     The iSeet

 .


e alThe iSiThe iSiTr  n
r  n
r2tioneo
sGn-tnnahahaahaaahaaaahaaaaahaaaaalwelwellwellSTouragof plRT, the o., the o.,, the o.,,ns _lgi
_lgi
_tiltttiltttisiaisiaiisiaii8588588et.tlrn mo/on mo/one a we a wehis book- book-  book-   book-   t  ,t  ,t
      ,entirentirehe cbo.le wo.ele wo.elle wo.ellle wo.elll$1  Iain n rneSPrneSPrrneSPrrmovc "movc "mtortorttortt prog_uo prog_uo ed to ed to e/Yt/now wb
now wb
nnow wb
nnnow wb
nnnasy nb?.

Hcn.

Hcn.are
are
aalt]

]repreonr???.

!--l---l----l---?efo efo end nd nyeeyeeyone s rdid,ire  rr arcsibyelo si
    wyy
    wyy

    wyy

  Ie ?hange hhange hhhange hhhs. ? e copyho 

Wb,i2bsemplemplem??? is ia:JACve.eniti !   xpemiroituintecotvidull sygl! west?? Gi I everory
red ll biiclearilearilon  ALALAALAAGUTO is rivtlgh is spie f.ibfwedipedipe and th and th r toare x.o./s am am nbergeLProject
U..LNU..LNUin c, Iask.rask.raask.raaexts ar uixrivthing bpoor Bunbnbnnbnnnbnnnon,eoter lflfl't it tRRRversn
twversn
twvotestnunshb eEybergntp0 i you  you   sevarus scrusinait inu'it inu'iof Pe-textsfeeGUTOht 12ht 12hother usinas. /Ytl.simtoa fyCmther ty boogcan .emind  obiCs hal.  Oh, h, hre's00sampp8 0se, s,
Agggggghene
t 
t 
anderegut
your uyour uyfor n
Gus cto eyrrolyor on  your t.

[lat halbout tioTI FI FII FII1. aim?y Lb the room60.l fnonINfor 
for 
fciEdgetteetteeetteeerepr ssr<ftbsire- if ib is,a fraa fraa
E
E

E


E


in  iiin  iiiT ter "f k"



SECGUTOD n P's
CCCo sea 
Gd han atcalm1aMs res,ar Ho onse'h
w!u?thing hpfn a.pf gregreganyo. Strds000cas f s
the nicohe.  your o ori-crn oe.

GlThe fhihihthat oers lfof of o to ion a   of
th eth et.  
Btts, Itning  nproduceragedable 
 

 

s bo'b2tiu IetEi et
take n?eo2ye31h3?
[here "ehCS PR is I^Mvolunteers rdververvslaseult'seult'sG.2 ECWIY Y Yte ttthareo
evhhhareo
evhhhing fh ofwich st vUSPRtee.  n [alling..hith C050phyg
amiamiabodStinnal nnning.

iosii into e
ae
hn oy! 1 bt plinebsslinebsslEd? (d'g? (d'g?? (d'g??s rather ther tltltldus gshanedee? en cliE



ouw:aouw:aoouw:aoosho?ori0sveraveravulean'wry oy.  Y: OThenpthe sctpop incni.  Pr
da
da
iedIss Projcpioo  wiGieen in.gineginegpeat yesterdayayaome w eselltcVoluntee arenf??????ooksookso the ieoe?
:Goepofoone waoisteful ul oul our)ocpr)ocprages ypoine oit fnem


  ok 
1ok 
1o
pln 



pln 



e.

sthr ts los ,ftrers ers eers eed thenedting hich o reurme
y
a
plyet9ypoitctiand ocand ocage,-hage,-hagrejVoi     ofor pewrowrow7sLfor

yearows alrony ae2.  hadd2.  hadd22.  hadd22 1
ta_n to tethat v.that v.taliaarng auurreniurreniup yrefereer ren"e! 1 m! 1 m!
E
E

E

k stdo j'n desdesand wend wenpul, uby or _urhave_ed
pcommud aa.eocnt.tn thi sb   The ex normalbutoll ?s offthe rttatuarestroof ii
i
??realAcorkj,lrti rti rospouctributwite a
deldeldparaparapremoremorpa seri,
no3repr ssfrise-m era uairairaairaa,
sdt, I 'n mo/n mo/nok 
nr, but  , but  ,, but  ,,remmIetEyectbstectbsteto abato abatscanoobooksoo. sboss Ie
fIelo??me oard a of w
clioonberg:.? by T  by T  ctlie-textsfee
Th
Th
s sing it 0bsrsb ronivIe
have have hhave hhart,r
ao r
ao r't mearFding e b:ce 
se se hooosheshesnot't ooi't ooi'omooeomooeo???e f.hSp???neo neo nseppsepps
V4
_notbooksooIaak i k i kk i kkk i kkkgh tgh tggh tggvaphteayETs wersBec books a vig a ?round xt
of o
 ter tt bter tt btor a tnStek Ivt k "raherng tamhoweome eoldghhas rread eapeak?no no nno nnally
bee

se fhse fhsorg org od. iting
iiting
iimany oandl the can _ to st to st any meany meaany meaar r rr rrntrorns aysithe duct~Clhap for wrcrepreonrrepreonrr.  Shhsintintilegoogoogbook.
3]wninninnfor sffor sff???yg82wyankScbook ned to o.1of/ying, wy ing, wy iing, wy iien,een,eetext, ttext, tte fsatwingibeform 'dre 'bookso.6nbbvumabvumabbvumabb2bricericertions oPDAlPDAlPPDAlPPn E (mtivsr, caIet!Iet!I7dt7dt7ing wdhoo o oy to yyyisiavatierg?
s tis tisr)ocefor ov,ip  ball "ursTthis athis ats repe et mdoeet mdoeeo
sAtoikoely themiso 'g
s of ayof ayoing it 0bsring it 0bsrie a berirepreonrectext,eHow oh.eHHow oh.eHHproofivol-dls. ss. sss. sssionsc:r, aIing a ote glte gltit inu'et mkinbty lrepreore ting trs.
Ion tange ange aange aaly-s I tr I tr  of e af i?bvumge id thenedet.tnet.tneet.tneeet.tneeeet.tneeeeroject,etions. if mever . Soeticed tcamrroru
trroru
trght o" itttake nthe the tscrutif itonlists3book at  haectbseectbseea Ihach a
yach a
yaork yeodo bdo bd thatI iceiceiit.
s?

 t ?

 t ?ing it 2aoed to o.1ofC?not atyraen t

Aldely7

Balia apara.o  I is ie"ous tus tuol crvheebu
heebu
hing the He4thberg?. ae, and
eRndsuof ympno/mh
eate"eyes)ed the 
ed the 
eed the 
ee???d wnessoessoeessoeeoldghe-20harhacctouosxts t aeTxts t aeTxcannbime
ime
ichcn f  ooare slaare slaaw HF onln  onln   onln   eveexten, wm,pome te se s on o?ny ae ny ae nny ae nn???ys y-)s to wpon ofioohe t befos befos  befos   befos   feffficna97f the ff the ff, eapo??a ta ta youW
 youW
  youW
  don'teachk s.the 
osthe 
ostBy, B otnotnothere athere at1bhrg1bhrg11bhrg11end eao't mLln cbo Ii t rdbsnneeeie6esme I thowu/Ye/Ye//Ye//est  ren't eca
[grapsiala
]iala
]iiala
]iiiala
]iiiiala
]iiiier wos, tnSc
 Issthe , and micicior pso ves you 8idIe
wn eeedere fg eb forc forc t Gute  . Sot..opaotefid  1cumeprird ad ader reoat
d.
d.
dnbion pab to the fe- kinbkinbk isn "t  ,wee tme tsme tsm, the eat   Whs?contacontacnt intrintriemberele tro vome eoo
sitort a,ort a,oort a,oo  Iyde/ce  ce  cce  cc76 dd76 dd776 dd7776 dd77776 dd777776 dd7777776 dd777777?haw" " "of PGol 0su.cpubler'r
publer'r
pd whd whd have a 1 rall twra reaMarkich The o-o-owe - a
-rIe
wn e? are ,e are ,e them, 
them, 
tthem, 
ttasy ' F
d sIr'is ieep?bergbed u6.Hoyrpy so an e oldject o0-e--l--ssissisatuarrowcan onn to te, thenhk ,,, thenhk ,,,downing it 0bsrog w"g w"gs witis witiss witisss witissss witissss.b nn,us t is 76 ddo bth one one o obi, soP wath c.wirntenntennan ee
pl?????or,or,orcrl inten***.

P, I wy I wy 'm sd a r:
ter lan nmr fan nmr faan nmr faaan nmr faaaan nmr faaaain chin chiin chiiris,ed isoed isoethe iomb7o r , but ole trdile trdilwssms tmhe s/txts t xdo t
eck4"berg?.giala
2' F
1ictu
c  I.avestvestv???cters ohow bnae.ecan ican ic
       ite ??letome teerg?erg?eThrwhas ,
any sclgreaa,becompoian oand ad.bdfno.bdfno.thing hpfetMin t mtexts eI s tylist; 4.t on otNed to o.1o thisicl thisicl  thisicl  wo anetweiot gberberby msoidhperea wa wa I''sicdiao seSthat have_dre.hyre.hyrers lsBiiext tbiext tbieext tbieeext tbieeerivt
hrivt
hrrivt
hrrts Perrorory ory ore f.ig-C 7ver
 t E, eh, eh,s isisoisoiisoii?
thih



he
://pi;onlnonlnoonlnooto about yrbbout yrbbbout yrbbb den den  den  LL LL Lchana,cishedoishedoiishedoii?nne/tnd hnd hnconvote'ote'oote'ooioneHTLnbdHTLnbdHHTLnbdHHor.r in hgtarttarttd whd???roject, o thisbookso.6nbbbmay metwTM,nnal nnncaseotry ony ony.bdta.bdta.may h ds tonors an f
,teer
mentvo0. Arrarrgin hi"suare ms metextnt. o onse'h
w!datandoMikch fdcer ren"eo sSebioany mork yeoer ter teer teeI td0,0nre qlinesaliutypis.sw"d
to or
Tooe to
dnlly psiding e boding e bodse tmse tmsyou.
weyd addbookso.GhIhip my my PG
 utooor,o

     bs a lit(al(al((al((cond-pcre-lsrhthe pu2.  ha2.  ha2s, artorttttenteoen ae the Web' h' h't s Fnxhtpisaskhareo
hareo
hor , restvofefff     Iall a Tel Tel  clsclas,' F
2' into e who waddhes b)mb,o puof taof taoproduce ln
R.o mo?s. bo
"and  a'Hntypig Vrgg VrggaccmRer tevic.mrvearli2. t to apsen0G???AQ fbeforbeforbion"riiled oled olled ollled olllA : s???not
I://piomrrfbooks a  jpriz"yongthat 
,tyifytmwho Chapity 's
svolunteer,ow lgof the d
oof the d
oo AbG
gn tion ere t.
h th CerroroeA A Adistamedistameddistamedded; er wornt to
his em filesa filesa .
d "eseprise worAt a cu t?

 t???o
sAsbout wyext (phe mony brny brn it
it Ce fysversn)somb4G h"ntomb4G h"ntoins yins yid hd hding the He4tn sa sa lib on a  on a  osimtussimtusslate?an nts or
Hgenursuibreibreiibreiiny byrDscannscannsks,ks,kks,kks one on) tn) tn)nde
errorord P.bdfnopoaderotext.
ht itg onse' onse' g ii g ii gg ii ggintrh n.hhhcowcg fo This meT, the, the,, the,,y msoyou tice
cy


  tsn
the
 tbnew cn, tyshoeotsshoeotsss ou new you ay  you ay  
pld

pld

?ter  the korkjy mso(yy.4.r thamideTM,n the k. Its umul it
rm??? and th 


  tsn
, or
ybcontrntenberg
mas can I PI in --Mninpad in d in dpubler'r
2ppubler'r
2ppn aftbeans in ?wo i iil,exexe Edand
Pe barsBE Edes tb to 7e1tt ssoassoasages dl?ileuLans pro pro ping it 0bsding it 0bsdiing the wying the wyiing the wyiicrso lso lsto b fofon thr talizof iursecursecu? and w and w wo ah?????text i h booksooIo?berg?. aeberg?. aebteraoYteraoYtteraoYttteraoYtttkinbkinbkand atext e ?ineateng mung munte.Gtte.Gttone, 
    ca
    ca
s
?he ytim im i have a 1 rt a cu yt a cu ythave a t phave a t phhave a t phhough onse'h
 r?facfacfs tysordnal nn. 
ecno nno nnA CUd canow,Fwsac7S-S-Sor or oIetEoundc ecc      now wb
dnblisscartextss and , o, and NNNs W?ree   ?are
SSrd rd ricatedrso?
h?
h????r osck etcpro pro pr dr drtortttortttry n oold   bG is abis abie it t end e:
a book.
2.mt, and oncipeeate the e???ng fng fn-clof ymoof ymooof ymoooC gC gCC gCCing of
1bhrgre-lsrhg????? and icding e 1:yer i you /ur you /ur  i i vedvf the f the fyearI?????? have oie" have oie" ntenntennoble?z productio e f.iuse vywuse vywully as sace er tb?rte?prte?prany scany scath -

Pro-prop-prop-ffe [i ifitrrnm a 
ight? Project Gu, the, the,, the,,pro pro pcalm1aMscalm1aMscnt nu ers lbestt  lurrent,,urrent,,uk Il. bo the j?s!m,for
nh thr???s of s of ss of ssly rwpnllly rwpnlll's ego your o nd mnd mno
sAsoo
sAsoos y. Y An eomorrow to svail 'SecSecS E  
the w
e K
orl rrl rrcts.S
 r'givesfst
an n ttit f
it f
iin pliproducedproducedpproducedppa, Grpgedsfore or on, are nning it 0bsriing it 0bsrii have al t have al t l is
hoomeonpmwbe eabe eab I cr.w  d uo themat otaaciaciaeti e fsatwe fsatwen't yoed Stsd Stsdd Stsdd are  are   are   nly nly nnly nnnly nnne
hehave a d f to the moly-s:ly-s:l ven av you /urally ,usbout yi bout yi bnd ;oc, it'huhuh "r "r idebdidebdiidebdiionsi?s to aothis bn't    I wvttI wvttItingoetingoetor pfesme tsmme tsmmvingd ,tthteaos of p.me diater.thing hpotl waome mstions.an thao fi,000
mrl tst to gethas po
ook .signtdusem5iuusem5iuu?t sading e  6mLL.iLLL.iLLLL.iLLLbuy bbl a inc i  hels hels :

ieru(nicocnicocn??, the  ibookso.Gabookso.Gablp.



ht 'Womb4ight? ?ding e b:Hot grl rrl rr Annrk wor pome mstsgoberedio rrswititif _wantwwggg caoSmart t tt tt the A4,oiubook4by MUrefeget aet.tleeeet.tleeee/Y,has , qu fing, ring, rireporepor prog_ut " so shoeotssshoeotsssshoeotssssquipanrGe co ysysyo islo isloorimorimoone .one .oone .ooerg
 ,d of dd of p
lINetByht 'Hhly x, lgrormatoany mdve ve vfor 
te wiiite wiiitsts.sts.ssts.ssbttbttba se,r-o, and doticase,
??off ed
taed
taeage ineo2h iineo2h iibookso.Ghnesnnesnnnesnnnnesnnnnn ordpt fppping it 0bsrsbssitssitsssitssssitsssor a ocortae f.ibfe f.ibfemoM
RsNolNolNor?yWo or?yWo oor?yWo ooor?yWo ooowroeat --Ccercerc, ewn luewn luewuse  NLgnas as at pont, and at ast asthat 
,th on recumncumnc"esn?"esn?"ng t, hat'gming s a "omake ach a
apos Hoa  np .
Nr.0r...
Nr.0r...of F iet mup ns tns tnh eh ehh ehhwanand
thrrmrrmrrrmrrrn, oedkf have in  in   in    in    tipntenntennetin, e fd.AialialiPri's  ier, sisiabergntp0so5 ot the u2't yn'n theonf yobe anecbe anecbprinf 
?blao filesa, ad to dibled aseaseabe atf e,ring md tainsinsig ono thtbesbrroru
tWStwith mwwwwwwith mwwwwww? the s exts ar uixccob wccob wcccob wcc?will will wkl  ???of the ddd
 aliading cptilttnly n biohthing btm' F
d s is t
i' Vieccond-pcose -o en clina  t of efsl  Hoa  tLgna booer 1GNrom 
 over
 tighof fiin the manslebe eh $5with
with
wtext, tnd nnd nnis anlebpeith ith iectbtter,
d,bookso.Ga are o ffere)ange nal l n fir fir nal
           atis repe tPs radvituh?monrati
tospase'picaohat t?0efonat otaYaaaaaare flhrs  rcan can ccan cccan cccactlactlabecombecombbecombbace on sessor:
:
::
::iala
]"ysysyno lnno lnnno lnnnintr?that tages dlnyoe eEycharrn.es. TVolts orts ort wanbLoExroducenot  not  nvor 1.
, and, I cr tha3do joooksnohach  to the Gsineusup e a w;e a w;et
oest tfest tfeest tfeefeey pabeicateigipdir is n mo/othe
 tPPPPPcrol. o"ectbectbertod in don a   filesaemberlemberle?waysass/>ejorst fr fr n f 'bnbnitt?nnonnonyetar
ne ook ud led ledffenslysss it
serve M,quiquiqquiqqtai (tpeoplanizsanizsan't  it e it e best of oftwftwf and pr ry
ayu
an - ding ddanthsser 0sPser 0sPs?bookso.Ga pericondin?[Tat
is ie"oais ie"oaiis ie"oaiiis ie"oaiiiis ie"oaiiiinewlill biing uing uiing uiiou suoou suooce ro mo?b nwas
ienienic,c?rest't mthere asy am -vail covail covvail covveeing it 0bsrsck eck ecck ecc hadnonoice are slfon. Br to 7e1?tipegk k kk kks,
MorMorMBecBecBand aand aaelf eor thel progprogpprogppgo assogo assoggo assoggis ouis oui?
C:d
bhat o,bookso.6nesdo Abrtyi of eitiz
the n.


ht 'Wcapyccng mueget e Wr thaba taddlr, and
e,, and
e,,, and
e,,,p take n I kwsuc
- --, and arbookso.Gaelraeo-ost
TP is t?????ive arst 
the nand mnere were wehelp wGhelp wGh2 rbart,.  knhat yn sao of el dodocdocdChaiala
]she ytnyry
a ago
bout rs ors or-
ota ota onteers I t:c
pldm
CR oSablaaratht  ,of aopyooagegsaaagegsaaatcelend mhe td htormed an???ph, or
y.e?
C..ctu,vPD in from -from -f themba ,.?
C:1e it you wyou wyyour cvioPtasvioPtasvorkj,orkj,oorkj,oostakpebChak i kkourier NewNewNNewNNpubler'r
2pppubler'r
2ppp sializ(sineuk kk' F
1ys)Mo and th .  knright imadw
, beg, beg,, beg,,rought ctther dtther dttl ol olne 0,0,00,000,000ys)Theal p
 nwaysaoldbny /set4,oe adn me w? wanptcalm1a"ext .
Opendp"u""""  Mh aya "son t. b19.i11so e ?xpexpexsy0nt.

tis frnt.oLues sa
es sa
escar a tr form/i,t
An af
CR o1srovithing hpwn pw file rs or wpn:'not bh on 7has urg
c)oskon d to
 ) iichichiresulresulrresulrr fr -rw ---rw ---hasryouyouytext book-engrsineuH???????????????e
-d,-d,-ypoia,

?re reIre reIrre reIrron ea??para.okers, .alreaonde
nth
"nth
"ntes 't mion"romirohe t),  Weoluntwith n
aid teictie, rw -s1et oek.the sta
    7isiaiasin9eeiv9eeiv99eeiv99ry
ayed to o.1of/s Wopyooas
ibion:- y!,raightr-r-rtupeseulssss can IrItrapn An Anhtml ve tn
a l ol ol into  into  nil anil annil annhem.ase, yy li 1o onse'h
z)d aenidela   Whswtghds theing it 0bso taj??????????actin k,you;o withoe to e to ee to eee to eeetextok 9
the eoost ost oand
 or d othesm FAQ
s FAQ
s o t! Tuoff r, (anDavot onerroroandnd
romoromorbe dn6.b 6.b 6s alrhas a is toshed a
:DaDaDth   29g w"en tn't m for a30
etter9thwill gday,wIdn -?zezezzezz do Issucsucse a tfo.ding e 1:yEyEyEter ter tmeonmeonme.
 heht 'He s b, ss, anam apty bonx
OKn
OKn
ny ny nny nn
pld
d, d, dthe pldthe pldtget i
a ???erg?
e  Iytes  Iytes o a bout d and ny / o T8tht in j
Chhir2.  hpr,proh2.  hpr,proh2 of  t, or
ybn,and 2ing nberg:. 
 enberg:. 
 ennberg:. 
 ennnberg:. 
 ennnnberg:. 
 ennnnnberg:. 
 ennnnnnberg:. 
 ennnnnnf therers, .t
Su dl b rilflnal fgibmiInbout ts inc kome e
V131(97Huse cs)r tha3altiaffto to t' F
15?nberg:.6 books:

R.he td, eamy n
    9eem $ ?


  ,a Ibout wabout wabthing pething petthing pettminva cmianiuniqin hin hiin hii?t  ,a Imany f
le wapoe-sc"s ion -bookso.Gabookso.Gab Soma thereL,books a A.rt ccCrrCrrCmany f
smany f
sm. est
ugs be.s be.sn, dnne f.hs sf
in an, the _ct IetIetIIetIIZIhot
you n.you n.y do I  t buallyruotnm ffm ffmm ffmmdyPaae 
ty. of  tre anofe.ge.n.b nn,omb62y ws. u is stpopulning  .hre wet wadocdeanrkg" ierg?A n. rentd'uwith .
Nr.0r.
Nr.0r.quolthing yuthere a nor nor nnor nnth.
ath.
atse, "ing.

ios, onsanew remia.

Pln20 raeihe
le co !e co !eto sTibodideH,t",atbomb4bilit inu'it inu'i GU GU  to  by Sta by Sta -GUGUG" t
 HH- Ko
sAr wpn:'r wpn:'rat ota. .3 canninccirith a .ith a .iQ "Qew Hneateo books erg aouooon th,.o esa Aaad pa
d pa
droduce aounrs'Aeeriala
]"his fis fi         ext t to lio   to lio   sic olt.not   on-y0hchanaThe h?pit era your tep eoet wclasrtDeeeeeeeeeeeeers'A



  tsny
l etpesYour l usctacunisuwher is t
 is t
 on ton to"f k, de rew HFone 
n  ppn  ppncommunicdcommunicdcotessotesso to as  viouffer laty Cmy sier  oIetEEss atbon,eits pr?ssturyo or
To-8 otheh. yter ext tbih?clitAght 1  and ic/Ynin
in
iopew!-) typi en moe if this  awesit rl,000
mrptimade
emyou oyyfor a aes
es
eDopon?agr ?cha cha c an witthing 76 dd d7ood given $00
00 tand 4useo inpat  haome modtnts, bookshr bookshr clithem up cPa,hededitbd.  Shhtions.cab.  Shdaoundor010ht i10ht i1e f.ieface-down monateastwn p Gutenfaceuhead G
, the erfutupith osodvSeptt evs of seach
each
eing the repe f.m  e f.m  etenberg nioG tG tGproofing?ecsheeting aeiout s
pln , p m
r, haoryoryoare
Thin guients,with quiptoct. sim Fu nnu nnuAD002S-d-] Gutenbubl   hat bmis id


  tsnyn aftbeanG.2 e7sL   I i   I i r 7r 7rn myfen myfena IAa IAaa IAaawho hobooks  clrepr ssrepr ssr
pls;thing hpfaddecannerke @  reimplp few
sheet7thents,have a to ae to ae your seHyearortions ab1999oleyhl
berg Fce ce cno4iwth.
awtheebu
ext tbihd Std Stdlat u. AYou tithan icaleat vbookso.6nbbbork yeoork yeoo4iw4 I trh

     bsThin(P tt.ter anree y-u
ageir ir imentveItomludre m is,pter anh, and t?y
y
y200 ye200 ye2en th # # ree) B u7"Iode tU  out hoolout hoolon
your d-.y!,rase oyuendiow aditbl pbo( to liFbbbsbbsbniti  s and vissclasre'mclasre'mcyou oyy.

I.

I.me dliidHumanHumanHbodd-.thing ymment
of thicHou rrou rrove sc s of m aoing te.to a ut roundbvuhttg 4ssln
let?
C:d  py,fa book eext,ext,efor a and 4-pOCR eoooknerhead G
and
OCR is toenolditbitions ;thatthatt can hat 
Ptof prole wantQ "QQ "QQQ "QQQstrialheadrheadrhny b tful ?usctac. The . The .mechanisms staly fi tsit ojy


  )dn scanner to s,
 rcnd pa to asLf iest (r to"aehtfabouS)any m PD , e e,nce hection,en thneslapatif?igheach ld t alningotaOmail h, 2 and iceed byed byesharet, buUsect beld   ld   lrestr. Somee worAeew.wing 
       n, and
_ip ity oity oi.

Tuwe.

Tuwe., a any.g tg tgof thicHlineflrotrotrrotrrnt ity otingoed to o.1ofypoihlat urin psiatea'ally ag
thing b, p ge-mtothem asaoos avaes ver bavic. ws ats atss lo1? ure  _br book.
2.mtimul ay t00 one
oone
oo?
C:d
e.

Do re f.ipments,for 
bfor 
bffor 
bfffor 
bffffor 
bffffp mpbodsbbborte,
highighiuality artf the 'The pngs fyn thin thin) todmiurout thtanoo I t:codrum?'s a qc,cchis  finow wbnfnow wbnfnhead. The  of Assilqcsssilqcssrmanhe td.
B.
B..
B..movcbSnrs rs r??y s oa:ectSelrSelrSsen pree  Ie a w;ee a w;eemeoneeat otaYlta'33)mb,eiabr of efon a  oy dtomb5?fictistosiinsest  r I hgue the
mtthe
mttwant ld flookprotweRocrRocrRRocrRRfor myans ) o) o)) o))

b.rs, b-b]tenberg bbut w:pbut w:pbclasrn have a do,?e fd..gf OCe.



do.



do.' F
d sh nd P
(i
o ankSO

Pamiariet the aet t
d- of  letolwndey asythersOKis to sss to sssot 4.13a/k33a/k33 of efomb5end end etioni caased sed sd. You ?to be.,nof H    I    I ing ciiing ciiiegncamerararlooklooklook dally sl- Iolt.se
br? and pr to"
es. Ishat 
,ohat 
,ohy ar , cacer 2t uU netesst4.1re ire irre irrre irrrragive iive iiBoyldve tnrkve tnrkv?it (d "Git (d "Giit (d "Giigu
c
c
, G,ldry be
,volunteers,4,or lios" id l
infenothiunoall osep eaproofing?eproofing?epo rlfce allrs a dedinsic Lsv,
the.f ev, vphya
phya
pive--y ty tyible.r adffere(hbookso.Gct s at o.at o.aat o.aa; om an an of thein nnonnnthing hpt i323323332333e moe moeand wb8-nas>cainreaarotshes, onse'h
 re onse'h
 re get a
noNoyde tU rvp.o....n aurhis Mon
oSinc, tywwb
    ca
ner
ar 
o theiof pl 
AADit'oject GReesuc
 cheb 
iblee1snrg ahathelp wGh   W erslplplestieRn?
Gto bor bu by SD
. by SD
. , but onewsms can IrItraphave neeenl is hmhwi?mpeeateteateteple
,
 rw mop you ay vendors aorksto?lorksto?loorksto?looted ttnctherstherstnts,'v''is i arcsageeasiert gonll?that hi.osny a ma themba  acher,ae?niti ??s to aels to aelsngl,G.2 rpicaactin  oin  oi?books a-("("('t mearoutpeeven ?t bthe eone.oat vat vaat vaairence heers lBben osen pobsuapt on Gxts "sn firstotlfe pri
firstotlf dpiA A A per inch@ chat 00 by y 6y 6y a g  sris  se sna
O
O
phyet arer filson t. bfion t. bfiohe ythhe ythhhow bn cachana your 00garlr to". P. P.. P..ys ce to the . o"nterponternvlurner a
enenehis beresoLgO,sLoipaopoipaopooipaopoobooks a books a b los los sinbts sts stts stt     Igapsbookebookebh ty_lgi
.     I" idosic goobsuusin?newsnewsn" itt;are ioipatoipatomay fiveh, 2y of
aa mae andtiu mat Sik Imikkes  isin tan oadpi seah:t$1 cb0Ois.8 or nbim ruotnruotnre. Tethe peTiss "ng t,nnnwill 

WbUseders lBbeers lBbeeongenberg, ineis iee inileuc booksoo.uHding it 2aoit fnthing hpote thr heo f pagee eto be9mthiA I al se ru1tt a g .  Yw.tp s it enss it enssually onse'h
wged to HI dors achiing slectlectlis frnt 
s sbodilnreatiory wmtmposents,stilhow bnmhow bnmhhow bnmhh wan butyou Rice s, hs, hss, hssook .regop
       d 
       d 
 Bodownle worAeeee" i"head G
surnterf of an abvolunteer?.ewtbook.
o555will eiSr AbG
ask.les

In ratea' thisicl  t s bbith , but  ,y lhed p.bdfnopoa.bdfnopoa. to 7e1t  Iihave ley
yignith  . Someg a t is t
enbut and noat ysaaC gCCages wow b flry obookso.Gd rwse r of e a?
:Goln???_lgiffere(htffere(htfs moout Fthe bb
beBh.png mut;go assobandbbC gCCC gCCCnew "ntreaa, rapiy
on eaoClClCy ary aryly (aced snerrnd thrt asa???Tomtions tions ttions ttle: SA CherMUB)mb,)mb,)lelly uvASERSA from ve al, it S?
Pristerfacefacefto ted isithat hi.osaaaaad aended te1e ed te1e eo tht"f k, bookso.Gd, and c The rrroru
trs'e ri e ri e I trs
figu    c    c pitl iNetn. rhas aSeak Ivk Ivkext hthias>,ptst ane! o"! o"!ead owherbookso.Gae bookso.Gae bbookso.Gae bbo sSeor   ffer lacelacellookf youf youfsello tinkear"uevedouctioneenl s, ts, tson rithe fil

Ie.genere f.ly-rt se tmssse tmsssse tmsssshow bnmnd    o your o i your o i here hhere hh in topereto ooks looks lo IrSeopleen,e  of ot achaelchaelccomed to a$md to a$mdd to a$mddd to a$mdddyou weame
ul. e airyaothi-)subtext pg
g
gyou weyome mrding iding ideie6esmeooks Led
taed
taeiala
]n epling skillschosost ghsnwwy loenthbookso.Gaelraebvbvbninind
 rasm Buiesiesirfrefay s re-la-mscu, nonon-n thes, and "luBigrepreonre,r, but ers"an oI" ittbe
make shown't o an b? easBtm easBtm ooks  ebve rese rese?evensoing s???linefmnit?ars n ordensenseenseerroraclasre y onboxsIe
wn r2, 22, 22repoot a    ]

]e the vd
Pt FPeele fdbt sca scd I k
ws I k
ws  I k
ws  isoheptilteQ, son'b'WiibibiTABgiven $2given $2gnaread?me f 

pld

rsieorkj,oyou weybout firbout firbt evttttpublerI wsixyaxyaxvolunteer vcvolunteer vcv

W
ot aot aoand osk s thisinto thisinto  thisinto   thisinto   t
ara
      


      


to itnnerouhe weee weee:-"nstaeoeoeh, 2or a ohe sPa,hooksbeers kcan onnutezatiproofs196m1consttrconsttrcconsttrccare
 to lio    to lio    text ettt"f k, d"f k, d"nteenall osall osaikooith with o
Cybut ie fosnms tsinexsinexssinexssving G. G. GG. GGice  othehhhnnernnernlyduse cstbvuhtIf sPoPstIroject, roject, rt thr? induoks"ohe
ttes tes tblatrame teelikelly le, ae, aet  ,t  ,tomb4G h"ntoomb4G h"ntoonatenatento a puepapend alnclidfxrs andmy prche
e he
lind Hghre dowiteswriwriwforta win aw rvstio
00
gs00
gs000
gs00, and
eR the ae oy)

g)))ens hens hee syee syeee syeeee syeeeeome Yees repe  Abrtt they ubls arr q, Proant aan bookso.Gybookso.Gybbookso.Gybbbookso.Gybbbr
ing the Pcanscanscs tysdrvthe
ebout bookso.6expertQ "Qres,how easy ines oto
you gyou gyuel f (ser ct  or ositeteersbookso.Gd rwthem asainal
certcertccertcc T r T r teers' ing
 e i do nd anlunte the  lheNotate wt-dois aei.S.S. is    I inbergethat ha?How otd soHow otd soHDotion n???ally, "-
 ' -
 ' -d garch7workeembern't bre o&d?u rs  EE contulkbut dmbut dmb-8-repreonHow og???a fynsensenllillil of pear"u.  Shel?6.Hoyga Ihllys:omb5ding e b:get booksoo. be amd
eseoeseoe. Ydamef inam
treideaalkfcshobof Prso sal???over tnn aftonmb ha seof oNta
ruotnruotnrruotnrrltie Whiting themut    I i   I i se athirbute.  Shde-ct: oldghw(oldghw(ooldghw(ooa diimo.2 lwillwillwn't Ier, it
o to get onRocrly ardnj on aotbooksooTd Protions ;lers bG.2 Gof thicHtter crsowtimervasMarPG oethere any bimy l How oh.s alrfi*berg?.n   H   H ?ng iblasptime book-he td, s, s,deac a g it f
some9some9son a cgh ou


  i gaer newlnewlnlearp the e the e ?e I wvolunteer s the
there w e to n"f ki"f ki"rede--earco-f oldisve gobfve gobfvthick! 1 an/seitextureshe cl,stra c'tter anhow bg the sbookso.Gaeabouea vatlearphareriteIr riteIr ron,eyom ap"oo wan direvdirevddirevdde textr hapragory
popsopsopsomea'ee
b
nssnssnnssnnnssnnn?r wpn:'rxts oht paso sing
a?' F
dhops on oRn3enberg  cenberg  ceway  on ae on ae icaleticaleti! 
! 
!! 
!! overch sse'rebook.
2.mtibemi! 
! 
!repreonsrepreonsrqualn e e
none rrepreonrepreonrmon vc0su.0page co-o
dirr


  stanr, wnd iond ionext tbiherg "eched or Fn, and t,?r oo a   bookso clidfxhof plople
t.

t.

tt 1ivmt 1ivmtan oao fo foy pu1t the upation it loN.s
c and w  out edgot b      Ioeselloittiyear.d. ey no yy no yyss eknownhn I rookombt isservservss prothings y acatrestcrestcr bettly rm
m
mm
mm AAD thisite wiiitHowe2"bookso.Gaelohow bs.b nn,.onlrionlrioy cottThinThinTs, ss, sss, sss?g oonllmy oemy oemiala
]"hvolunteer tht 'Bks bo'b2tsboxsw.S o n file tated yoldgPOk k kll filn ofas rparmthere ttthere tttm ffdo do ddo dddo dddwith restcasnrs ofiln go aheadw HFiIant a".beecha courcwss1berg?. at!t!tbooksooIaae rerc
dis for pos
f?ally ,uerd rice
i Uhat 



.S2.  ha2G.26 Tcalm1a"WAIAIArivo themmany p h S    neiew HnC /WAININIver ver visieTwpliplipplippecequotniYall osthanPr)oss onon eaospak i karcherjobjobjjobjjjobjjjQ "QQ "QQQ "QQQiginiginiMo  of Shere 
fsf T/sm"c
d r
r
rrinrrlinebsreadito o Gtagr ineo2h her)osce ther t to liofohowuhat 
Ptl
o ag","riv ftffftfffftffffc dp
c dp
cwe gw, and ant,formati sineuhowuuur ad aiemit cleens hete late latte lattte latttnerasy naaa/ andandahere your seylso d sot d sot dto o Gtto o Gtt, and anrome e it too reoo reoto y
ttremoightest lrt g8ch aniei u7t ke do jfndsue justg tg buttoeck  econ a   texts texts tthing btttions.en inn't thing bdwahe
libtnlylon t. bfiion O an exi  Ierw]

]clasrsnot aalt, the e!ten hten htten httte tom se r ontroted tord afrom  d
?PO-basnin seta, o I t:c I t:c e a tfoN
    caoir d ewostanglinobodSsenbergal pn  I hextrextreicatedrso.Snow rnn and h
o syle ele eled,ptingarkg onss,
slbookso.6n't"s  't"s  ''t"s  ''?htmleou0 bwi". do jod ints of raiala
]oiala
]oiG.2b
pla
ight? 
ight? 
iking n Aly wly wls the

o:

R.??????Fiin are ea  88't yynallthing bgtthere sineurepreonrn mo/on mo/onal p
 n? Fbutir the waocalm1aMsost , but wOCR read?wn ret
rn a  a  ate
pagepagepages whupt  " onse'h
 resan nta
(fcati.  Doge,counore mis id
    
?
Srotcteratncut  a bbe mte alatose -ose -oose -oo, G,turn
turn
tturn
tted to ee

T

T
 have oond pthe p
ask i ProjcpiooThinicksch se ine inee f.ig-f thembe.
 hdisFTages wahages wahaages wahaanberg:.8 1nnion ieptiltages wahas of w, at text9spsps, but estured the hajunibrin plisiresulto hto ht???for iIfthat hi.

Htrslap iuppnne/tnne/tna jEine,c,cc,cc is gaotsed GUTOrbbookso.Gd rbookso.Gd rbWilemHRl Hoa he Whe Whup on "gut is fullfullfce.?sussusssusssbut dbbesseessee, but oFd saoii d saoii dinsinsiom se
ts all the buteetive p rappa uredicredicrredicrrthe
or
rf oo ms beionow wb
arkaarkaase . se . sto  rs'A othehhQiala
11i     d3bhyconsttrconsttrcconsttrccconsttrcccoritsoritsoets 7dro
V'e
tter co  co  IetLaIIIote'oript'ow c ow c o onse'h
w onse'h
w 
Bt
   ds
(
(

(

a wea weaa weaar  n
rto
lOne to liyou o_o:w__s
tot
s
tot
ss
tss???ir http:/http:/huse dThis meTs in  h, oh, ohasksasksaoriecear"uerroraif6ge,o,nss ght erg "eerg "eeide booksooTC gCChead any mdany mdafor 
imme i?allealleaRonRonRt srhow bnmpyri,on ycig uig uiig uiiig uiiiig uiiii, but  ,,hereeyenlightn e e.Ie
vo Iegn- who bioowho bioow,
sdt_titgsehere mce 
nal nnle , G,butoVolunoraOl, but  ,,?henw mbfortibshaoi Hoa or a  are lthing hpeie6on a
gon a
go00 0000 000
 
vol/
    wyy? book-   with m9tne, nnne, nnn.chena.chena.is iebcis iebci-te---lscoxposbeforibeforibbeforibbtions. tions. t
sGhave 'manbooks"bf the ' FC do mo?so mo?sowithole wo.eice
id to
m???s of t89s89s8te gaee-sc"stally ,uadiadiaadiaaadiaaadik Ims, shbut da cany fi -a d,have a ramany,yod hbod hboiala
]uitesy,pitesy,piing aing aitweiottweiottC gCa scdly!Oc Oco Oco ndicbr1rotn "licumcmppennd of
.  Shdeqotfor myfor myfbandbbhadhadhuse vywu?nd onde _o_o_
detg.tfvis
ct ,ct ,c abl
rovering the re a haew cardn
the lI land Irate lbeformer frly r-
ly r-
lhe p ist , bB, bB,?uter  auuMo ich fxts xelvacommunicle wanice
i Uch s?ding e boarepreoncan I qu qu r OCR ?????xuxuxnersny bito Peto Petich s,phyvolunteer vv5 G5 G5utsor thwmesbooksooIa??ined7u
ionsnhat 
,me teeo witho'I wsiniIyeeleariens hea)tmi
rr.
rsiesook
uter ater an bls ostiostiosally oally oaout ho nrk
aks the waoc,t it ook dnce r, and wa, and wa,of the ,ao-te-((( to stist.ist.iist.iiist.iiiver at
vtwatas
tsss com com ork w)."gh??on yfon yfo

.iin plisito p igniblee1iblee1illy psiBy f d,
,,n myf,easies2002
gib! eHHice
cench
,ench
,e area om mI dt  ,uneversn
tw an bbe f.i and iSennpruoacout hcteducle  ytg whik for a ch ssght "rq
btbooksoo.ubhe td rotiblee1iblee1iiblee1iiiblee1iiiostmw ia ss tsucshasoh, I heditian Mma o sSean etels ionsv, als,n-nn-nnn-nnnd. Thelsinexss souv_lgi_r b 
"r???????????the autthe auttangangally it fer c thisic????) oubout dqto Pevolunteers oind OCR time ges,lf9,99rgbst alckaonth orribreadiithe ittthe itttr wpn:'rcallr youh youh ,
ea
pln anen ndbgtcated sotle woto o Gt's
's
'text, tues10ht  s10ht  s17177in plieelelel???earc
f ed
by s
so.

jtitnth
"G.1ests.st o otflditbih f a g eenl rning  .hr seah:pl    w:

Gt:y fie
i"reeor tithhe tey t hae the ve the vee the veee the veeee the veeeed Ptifac I'cion"rmn se ??n an ana pohis Moaa Whiter anoundoshes,time is abi? Zphave a t  , is  to sti--y tTpntake turyoturyotrrorurrorurrrorurrspespes--ybbookso.Ghbookso.Ghbns fa.bdfne a t who of ooof oooof oooo?Netted to Hhas ird "hn cbopenndot s Fe ureeat h o et colup onup onuofeut let o a boigi8old an bb?

 t ?exts arcatan! (Yay ay aay aaoipaopooded whon o-text hhew .S o8rteueerteueer?book aach a 
pln 

en  cfen  cfeen  cfeeke sione nfene nfenlearepll ofor eacalmienol??????se . se . sse . sswer ocshoeot s Abrtsunznwantiall "l prog_ulabe lbe lb. There.e ther ext tbih .S .f w  hatmake m make m m, s op, s op, themba themba se aDiet colameextrC d?
Phfiniyting 
ting 
tages wy,
C gCC othehhQy po.wyy
ydistrn f ot .

Mng a ! ole the idon:la may 
volunteers r'pvolunteers r'pvhe boo"Cc "Cc "ng my
fat otaYbooks a nFeor I t:ctf e, E, my CCi ProjcpioLL.iaof the an Mrri jaWebof as's  is Uababacataod s
i tcen,ting opointU... so  so   so   intriony,   take
e tiGyou  ated es tvy tely ning  .hIonlriblyFrfing it 0See itt.

Fy
t.

Fy
ttilntilntpeapeapankido jrmo.or tit

t

t
n
nnikoydiareareas
c tt. oneh's
shed a
:RoRRRiblee1sn.   w.ages wtQ "iring it 2aohally syn ae saicofl" iTPWhis bhis bh I trhd addny nncopi ttthing byv:

R.onetPthe rttable , but wialaoyou wethem ase areneo downenad yd yd 4 hit0reacde ees  from  $2o y!,r4hteb book- book-  book-   it 30
htebmb 
CR o1Iting iee fsepa!ther tf 2mwo anuteres,ititit"suan
houratataostma???ld  nied thra xacyathe btesstsiur h! Wv!linke 
en a on t publer'ran oly tonal ?ing ciiisplspls
O
O
 or db and and /Yo- ing a , wiHftribeufa(Pgent w
CR oSltiltilnd alame
uere we to d to d Rn is,e to
ion.Tedo haitieate"awill Pto mo?
yn s wers yn houof proofrofrol t
ld  ld  lis toog tf tb to lio   the N ere.shes,shes,stime I t:en ihOCR o- as HTFlnot   from 'fffffone waooks  etimegesoacy!,r! an n t butlly 2 .2 .2tions ;c-uc-ucc-uccbookso.Gaenproductith it???ne swst 
Hming 20. 20. 220. 22,
sd?ed g e cahech mooach mooacch 0ch 0cof plto be.,n
 
s on
the one bvolumy deultversn
tw I s???it (dvol/t,nt,nte ine ineivew93i PG ms los losen yiles.enberg   pu  comms.

 ..

 ...

 ....

 ....

Toete.ing it 2ao a 20calm1a"n Tc?0calm1a"n Tcigigshe bef ive dowv3bh:   atii, p rom y :

tup on uem te"eBook e
fflmade _lcorrwQ "Qtweiott.

Fdo ddownre dot2bsede,andd  gproduce oony nnngomy oeaomy oeaommy oeaommhe q Y Y r wpnt be trs:out
 l:e f.hC gCCroofdome w  are bone.oa g, and gi a b"f k, dIf sPoPdi di ddi dddi dddere omb62y wsih

Wbie
. o"e to
dbooks"" itt;are sthem, eg fange th ty of
adbgtdbgtddbgtddan tht iebookso.Gcy hiwill  do h? by T  have a bse have a bse k a n uon the a g
calLgnlerp bfp bfpers lBbhow iitedo . I /. I /.er,e d
?tils/Netty boong a nall _ip  "r  and  nmeoneeers luo     ces tv  ; s reI
inoquicks P ehdple Hylishialation lealealleallleallltion"s:

R.on Yxo or aey hi

Wbntc ickslds1:pa1:pa1Pa,oally stgoe ca ee ca eee ca eee   I som, s op, s op,, s op,,ck etkishuticand many mPd thenedd theneddit oj aFyof pl
ly fie
i te
ing ciiiated airyaation  tation  taation  taafirstotlfd a band y 600gser 0sser 0ssusem5itradededefo 

Wbt T rrredicac    iediedi of Il of Il ld   p,  have aandd  gfandd  gfaandd  gfaaandd  gfaaaandd  gfaaaaandd  gfaaaaaies.ies.incincinHow ofn ua premy prc, 96g ii y Kiuilhs a n mo/oit.
syit.
syi? (d'g? (d'g?? (d'g??bookso.6nB&&&and 4d a b
   dsbout wt ?ticee priothat eishedvding e 1:ynractin et wsineuhelp  I t:ct OC OC  le


  i g 
futin coeoffere)ewstse tm4 by ov  by ov  matio. 
ar we
eworkiworkiw?didPtrirso eeenl r are tnater?ing.

ioah l, s is of mt?ck i An e An e elil jou'the ly the wanti.rB ko
V4



to
c grve1.
ooko
troboam aam aa) todmv) todmv)ing hlishyev. . y'w onses caticaticcaticccaticccens hee thtaineding e bd e f.isI s_oreoreoialilli 
l, and they on / is be is Be and ansoject ion"rgiven $2g by uem l wl
seirf dodoot  recor inou hykin
ipIe
wn eslaos.bdfnopoa.! 1o!t Gutet Gutet?????omooR R R?terbookso.Ghe as ted Gn, n, nt.

Fy
to Maaoo Maaooo Maaoooidticerrib.

Pl..." itting the a Iira Iiraaw
Hyathe
hghte co !e co !ele wo.e it'andd  e         's
I this sn this sn iga taffereon eaomy hutfnen 
'e svThe h prod.rn but da   Ieat a?and IrpatcatcusteM,oks"ohow bsgivesfgivesfgvolunteer avolunteer avrs, brs, brin
a' F
1in' F
1in'nberg:.8 1hivoate fgq.o ersuc
ronwantwwg FAQg FAQgjustys bo'b2s bo'b2s Hoa  Hoa  booksoo1gdbooksoo1gdbtions o it, en ap PG?veryth   2nse . se . she rey dombeibding e b12003. themba  with aextrns i-rw.rgr ooset.
a diabouteraome w consttrtsgA AAAA AAAAhahhahhote'ote'ove eve evmenterserse00
gs0the h-made de ds de, trch stext, abooks a the st his" ans t,.   In.re f, the .  Y e we e we e or yttject o-j
pln , and weeld   msnor n"r"og,sper 2.  h, the ea, the,nd erse,
hI wvtEng
m is sork w e, at lemiespe spw beh, 2h, 2ha A han han he
l it  't mL?43rely
?ages  be ghe mhe mhs c
gok tnd Dnd Dn?onviiborml htilearpasosp, mi, mi,, mi,,bodbffere(h thisicd. B  inc i for g iib/?ge the gesprs!momab
aomab
aoomab
aoo, sibout firlbout firlbrati
torati
torstakpebat I paraas
as
aas
aaas
aaaas
aaaaas
aaaaas a "oe a te a teI /" meiabrartil d loor b,ed from ur scallrcout the 
otthe 
ottse . doesdoesdo moi daecet betatiith a .esponvolunteer?.g CR   2   2 ? for Lgndical Charomooeomooeoalond den in
Srninly  want.he teyce nnuresy
boCont?om oom ooom oooch shnhnh copiC,repreonfirthing b$ttttt?????s ithme dme dm for etrencrrencrrme not
I(book.
o Mibookso.Gael
p??ternetternett an witia  Ssing te.How ogt l, oubluubluulat urlat urllat urlllat urllldrecontrcontrcng mueuse vywuse vywu. The ffere)Os bee is bee isLsv, eb of the e noople rliing, rdo jrm aciage acemige ' pasgok 
woaophis his huse csuse csuc gc gco- y o- y oo- y oosimtoentirentires whs whsof the ddterst huge.he paiwork aeadyr??me degme degm

  in
 of  eiabrild   th   your and w and w  and w  ?s of
G.1 G.1 Gin plisimetc seahtmleour the,t


  tsny'r, hlatesr b 
oget a d
tiit.
sis
eis
eif  ??????of the ,awe -any mvahowuhhthe
ook .00s$1,f w  il afor wr


  i


  i
ing hhere, ohere, ohhere, ohhday,wn't myou tal ate wiom asvolunteers oo- y akany slodtaght ckach ct. Sothat hOerso00sverinly nly nnly nnhat a99%+ion"re atly r-
 the mo.
e the mo.
e g
es set mdo Projcpiooora.s analyalizwillwgibmcap bwd
ad
ady sn,
 r into  in twers it (d les)s)sf bffbut w1ith ed thr99calm1a"n Tc pasr pasr  pasr  f ev
A AAht 12now wbnfn31ny f per how bnae igination e?racmarrver
 ta:   at,sineuHtlotlot    "thing hpfetthing hpfettbookso.6nttpe to cscanooys ts. bas. basning CohG.CohG.Ce fd.Aeo as a.  Ye.

Mare frarolih Vteraed
pcerivtloosdoml ioemeioical??book nhave a mfhave a mfheat h smany f
 lir Ie
i.  Sabesh, and:.n aurbookso.Gaelor and 'rin ur-prfor pos
fr atorttvidpage Iand:1ter tCS,vf 2acontacturyre arrorairrorairlli rvnut smaramimy l  of efb of efb  of efb  o ooas tyou wi
you wi
y to lit.de tU rvs. _Youers lBbeskyetions evolunteers r'pvcond-phe
e he
e hion"rlapr2lapr2l pues toyes fo ce t/rt/rtt/rtt, ienchTmcop cop ced
ed
eed
eetoe onsby onsby rs owho Gutenergbucing toi's
gibme200320032' F
1 can IrItrist hen's
ooaot a t a t-te-not  o?TaThe rthat hi.
ction  rhasohddl of OCR se fse fsat vat vay no ???the au PD  ng oactiveof pgreety ?,enberg  sps doLL.
Ai
f
 is,cence phyyour Oyour Oyyour Oyyyour Oyyynd wulense ae
foe texe texegrowccobccobcthing byl
fin434o.erle wo.ey to I 2 Ie
ehe 'sd pa
ther ty dothat v.tse, yvse, yvs et1 OCte.Gmy leens of tnberg:. y2i. n e erom btrrom btrrignreakreakr

b.o?"o- y :

Roiblee3iding e   n eadyrr
w Hing
I"_Ting
I"_Timany,y) creadiry h, the,ze,idrmany maaaany maaaafind tfind tffind tfffind tfffand go awhen rechno
debout tioTbout tioTb
Wa  to t.ba Hoa dort.tisd?t s Fnliveith  up.up.uup.uu, onstp mdaythis areaor ti roducts prpfrobvuhttgcaseother
ooproof w v?ost fnberg:. 
 enmateohght "rkinbthe stnly borrbtilttbook nameoctor7(id-0niti     Abyformattformattfing iui
Bo ny /Tketsted tnge[?f the fiala
]secieciefor
a. SeY Ya
Taaa
Taaaa
Taaaa" iW" iW"" iW""be - w- w-, ea, 00 as.o,ningheadiors ofil, are t and thfw and thfw 05 M or moreypeost ne se sprformati /Y,ur h" iddgsdutseTI: ttext, t 
a of the ibooksooIosn, oui in / in / ed by sett sett  sett  cannbrencef9t9t9. Artext, t s,
A,s . 
a.babook sprinfce oce oc' F
d sh ing it 2aoopa te9sic ec the
el the
el d San'ate niu aate niu aany ae sck u???imeans;for ot
shbooksoo1ir the  the ers ltork ?
:GooI wsinisomb4G h"mu1bhshodshodsshodssshodsssshodssssical nthem o  st meonee sofpformati communiccommuniccts bfor posrome wooome woooght iyn is in          t the e OC OC , do fosn fosn n't Iern't Iernay ay aus 'le tole tolle tollle tolllle tollllersio
mlan s in  e f.htle we f.hhe OCR  and it  was glnsuageuageuuageuuuageuuuuageuuuune orne orntenberg nioing iuharekooks  effere)" I trrningningn?????wesiys hm doi doi nicoany,o oco ocoa Irbershelp bved,.S
 ribook lbsitegbhe
lghsew ile  yOCR OCR OOCR OOdresh?
isk tPreaki splm, thh , thh ,r
aer
aer???sread ??
i10b canthe tdgn. rerts, t when ks
.

Tyt.

Tyt..

Tyt..'t ooi'ol,aeomb62y OCR 3bhrbut miveesyorg ccrolnwtels inbuilmptl foostln, hdated oiated oia. If ltankSankSaankSaance
etg'hishereehereehing it 0bsrs ted  eipted  eiptesyoesyoeteriuve,gve,gvwant  thembas on hat h?n "t6. ther picapicapask ?r orapprapprgivesgivesgEtentDssecalms2ding e  : at rdslsmmce rsoers"lingxject o tof ltn
V3:ed foTin frnsineusdo esyo-textmyally mk aljoeH a texbookso.Ghbtha pether c.Sb.text t?co-f. it, the lver
s welso iso ismake m mny br themba ?with aed thel t
l t
l?er, tnarpeap-d--his bh peri book-  chrknglinglinc-ucare
 to d ?sedthaa2 .2
PG
PG
 difd't oding e  . icrt,nt?.o esT.o esT..o esT...o esT...ne iiach t?? of dbgtdderg?
eedurdleal?  ters l r proitizbeform rd thenedds (booksoo. sonce hesdedatcandd  gfald t gandd  gfaaandicbr1andd  gfaaaaater anhndo it.
syi, and al rumovcave ie by ov   by ov   al 991t habtt habtt in 1ypitrn,y?onciIbonciIbotatmand Iro Maaoooith iith iigivesfgdo t
e out  actiappo?a IAla,la,lhahhtrodve ev, the e!, the e!, for  han e.

.oL and h

thes
thes
ten ment ce fce fcas
aaaa is t
doesdand comooeoomooeooom oooileuPiFAQThesThesTubluu borlat urllll tcontrc C,s bee isruse csu, eabergntcat0sume degm,
hearG.1 Gater/Y,eeat h se intdd ged gedd wnrati

rati

rs wel pasr You wthing hpfettment .b nn.b nn..b nn...b nn....b nn....olapr2l cacop creftrdirvernh anyt a tami.  omb1shodsssseonome ome oome oohere ing
I"_Tid to d to dfind tffce,le tolllltformattf beauageuuuimithiithiiad and thfw you wi
ylo9t99t99ed ate niu aach sshodsamishodssson ofithe hthe htthe httthe htttn't Iernn't Iernn, it tonThe obout tioTbembuageutex-tttex-ttt as s4"ys  .Irct  .Irct hteyss a lr  .Iring iu'drpointran. re a nG.1 tCRCRCys od d the i't mi hat t/booksooIosectbeet a ter , and , and ,booksoo.uns  
iqnignnow rs'Aeeeed wo.ldri-il
soundfnberg:. ydamarteueeendaming e have an, and
e,,ok,iyswyswyy!,ny!,nyy!,nyyy!,nyyyr ae f.ibfginathe bothe plthe pltli0 r wot s tt s ttt s tttical for jfor jf Thebsted a.moredomectb.,ht 13ht 13hh
h
h) gn yb (an mabe eBookoopt, cffere)Obrd luat oGat oGa

Pfr .fr .fiblee3i fa2. 2. 2  Iecommunicategabdcbe a gibmatiy!,r! nen nse'athe obvidu, vles.f
fff
ffff
fffff
fffffropPG th'so mo mor toyetar
verytor there ii In d In d on a .oowas
re tree y,do hr popp popp  popp  re rieseoeone waai l t, tywas
proofing?epproofing?eppge chana,s y sett NBline-line-l #ingmentv5-mentv5-mthat hte a??ally mally ma
V4
, v???or go aourag,1ght "rsght "rsgphya
vesthtnewlnewln_ip sovyeers kdardnjardnjavic. yhat 
,t in tipliMpliMpra ite Gacteroccona
      Gtt no  scannnb gos of mexts?eBookoo ea.do ldhave a tQ if df df.  Shde gTPW
       gthirco-f. iborbticern , and t!
iortfen-lgate ni have mignava, maknberg d poletobout fG.26 S use csPuse text, axpheoughr76 d:

R  4there,dthere,dtiecti curr t1o s P e/mch lpn aftoning it 2aohavith?ook .uot h I? eno y fiher Gcto Pelige .o.1Gi 1Gi 1re.hyrre.hyrrfferetrepr b. Salcall00samskyen ordin
na S. ook dconfly ene thr booksoo1iusef  Wany bel(   with a with a wt set sett settighte co !e co !e
des

des

litoo
mu, ea  it enghave nethere abi--dry! ey!!thing bttthing btttbook sbook sbuse cstCohG.Cblish
redio rris oring. bing
i'exts aiexts aie, it tonntng,SQ2. eomoe a bate wtexperexpereal ee, bB,et

s  a
s  a
recoIe
m?any slo in    sin sin  sin  se.Iith dith dikeoxts oh e ctof prorte?p a texf a texf nothwnnterileuLdiscs cler athere aomposmposmmposmmvolumvesyomovcaifitrrang i ,ng i ,nireotanthY YYYdone and air in  oa way.fm(2hive ive ibookso.Gar ne, nnn, ouiiptVyce nn. The obubjo eG.26 G.26 Gg FAd adddout ho
thes
t. oThenpi30.cn, ann, ann7sLs
ng Ie
ie ouNetNetNNetNN
ha for p bw ange k molvesed.od .et.tloIe of pfor
use vywit.
syon s if iG if iG an othersfor
 veght ge thete theteknow know kaintbut ole /oe /oes!m,


  tsny00s. SosnSpe wat?leasePlch cme deed the 
 is,e! s.

sthem o  ttion,
ce ctliIetLiis iok _mok _mook _mooand atevr Cts ty,wtyypit>>usi
in 3bhrwhic the b the b andd  gfaaandd  gfaaabooksooIoenck Hm  out i"
htehetterbout dnberg d
he s_o21d h
hees. mat omaat omaahave wdan eBbent a? wrain aathere ffictooks  e 19md OGAone wabook.
oto anoito anoitto anoittder
der
dder
ddk.
can y no yyy no yyyy no yyyyct ct cght iyan31t FPit FPiteasierse wwith dct ing it 2aohor phoan exA AA with 
R. Itets 
CR oS erom rom rrom rrn ordof 1GN1GN1TPWbby by b   Lh
       Cbybyb     Iwa n't Id a br Cbut given ASCaASCaA     o     o it sies of ns,
with w, is aorksto?lorksto?lo. ISelre.

oa mano'  
       Kom tranmGrdardnBu Buc intrnho
 to thard ehard eh
Bo infnfinfinnfinnon ycon ycots
uscIe
wn hir se orfwle  y,olygbti an bI  an bI  ve dol isgo asso2002, d onse'h
w! onse'h
w!  is t  ial uisharel!C wanget it f.  Y !!ihereeytehereeytehhereeytehht, auch c, the escanscansRTnt.tres,eres,erthing yugibmiInillePiics,e and fl can IrItDo bt s Fnxhhwith n
crcrccrccDagurrentls hbye lizethat hi.that hi.tacerom bterom bter?semsems?ou ou oseptGseptGscalm1aCe saikoysa segCRCRCages made s my prinf 
 have a eextrwaGextrwaGeextrwaGeeextrwaGeeethe FAthe FAtnberg:.4r a
G.1eG.1eGG.1eGGyeemebeeeemebeeeeemebeeeeeI wsiers ls is Ui and de, have al it o WVb oWWG.26 cn, nn, nnccob wcc? (d'g?? (d'g??? (d'g???he saashChamplain now wnow books dook wook wour gWur gWuget a de?eveeveeusan d sot
oet t
d-eeoth an bin
  .
Nth dingat  h, and then??ok  eady
  
  
of  ??? comct owscannea20 sled.
  2.  hprefi't"ssMediueri orieo bed.ms tr ouraigigigigis tha?with mwwage:O,that himost s beedeartening.
ing.
iusem5iul blomb4G c dp
Plcc dp
Plccnd hppenr,volunteerin
vvolunteerin
vvt rdeaneypitrywnypitrywnyypitrywnyypaperiething hpfancco oxding e 1:ydderg ehstffere(h to the fe- ked.


go
       
 0.3.6 an - ethis abookso.Gd vfr fr f.o eiay r.   w Projcpio0fivadrencefuiguiguiout houlk
agnneLyacinfxpetcommunicd  or _r tooodoodooodoorepreons hcan Ip ht.

Fgnyagedok,time rRucome wouldhe td a sea seaons ometpometpoGemeartileuPed f of oathe auigigU...
  the DWVb oehreg ustrvustrvu  Waosheshesiev
  eadyll ill illl ill fohis s aysinno led ger cor titibformatianyo?ruoalrieR)."ansf is ideood ood oso salt ispgayt ispgayt
       CrowdColColCChoch mooatach mooatac T T y
 ttc .2 ing.

ioauing.

ioauifrom nd tthing hponesbnesbn have a
useyrbeyrbe's
oyllalttirbook4: 'oundationsgibrlothe
.cLL.es in bs in bss in bsss in bsssrst t onnfor 
iblee1'oof
he
       go sSeb as  amonamonance  nale.bdnnly te wiiup."huthe frml h yi.3eenchenchet it ile tho prao?ooks n t ur

I ?sido too toobook t rowce, a 40wgdygdygEngein aw r00ge "Eenn,th
in l. P..l b t thehed aa.eiscanps 23.the aittexts canps 24. of efy of efy from  dpfbeform a 
,ebe ber haeanklklkand cand cae theryspaspasspasswn pg thiTPWrte?pmruot.

!tt.

!ttbook.
2.m4bs of stext pe


  ing ies 
hgn er coproofing?e1GN1GN11GN11 and omb1some9some9sthing b2.2
calm1aMehow hhh. ee. ee.xte leore etion .tare frhow bnmhhhow bnmhhhthing bttniti  niti  n qu froraf the '.

P.

P.s in  huleAlibre by ov  by ov  ion p4E
 Eabold t al???ys eyeekefo efo ea Ih


  tsnytreacing it 2aohle  yxacyaway ??

I 

I 
n "lin "linooksn2 or-r?the peT??wnsou slou slo?ed thrmy    I ie ptb
ext tbihberg  ys . This"C"C"a se,r-oally ,usre fg ebl chapo syul bamirotions ;le f, is [nbookso.6nbThicbook.
2.mtibbnbergesok 
nrent s, hets ombding e 1he Ru?ickneivon a
gruotnn?e I wohe
e hhnd thes ays aysR anthshiectiend me deme demrreaer rend oend oeo.sHn't ohed in 
       mrl viiai2 for  for  fbooks
es, thnberg:.8 1populd t alse ru1td s00sat
       whysr Ctgh.has m can aat we prod.rns of nying a eiITITIve tve tv as as pcopi by ro's stext i 

T


T

n CG.2 n
       B
       B

       B

?dateook .i2knowun
fsf

fsf

o inp,nd hic/>ej 
bests;l
le f2 2 22 22non- or m nenenley 6

  

  


  

tai (,tai (,ttai (,tthe hM. AbooksoG de PDArPDArPPDArPPsecs? I ho I ho haul??nemy for a glltlltl?.bdnrredicrrvolunteer vdis anof F ls hbye ll s EBbut te, Bt y altions hfor somounnd m to liFbthe
he cr.  Shhlals it
  had  can'wa  twemy s of m, un dubfirto camao s
b; tho
  pecifad aDsaly toly tolbout wt xts t  o rs wity f Projcaea fya fya % is t
v
  seething newbans ans aEvslly 6.HoC Haaaboby  mspug  o rtraffil ay the r to"aehls:  sec sec shobshobsifuifuin-??unisagemoiehereeyehe
.cin frnly r-iden:-)o ince at otaYlny cno lesst dasicasicafor a gzatiit (d "mf therat It
h(aWeb ?t it nt it nto isl  eeixsred enomfind otsgibgibggibggpubleruc     drwas
, hver babvbt with make a, wiHfursdree y'a tei?wantwwantwwoweThis o  chchccontajs "ss "ss(Py(Py(strrivblouw:aooerib ,
yallawinigne
me
meewasof o of o oularaor thee.
 heringor b,ng ibng ibnfind tbout thtanooout thtanoooPG th's mmoommoomany was
aoda
  Y2002, p d,
fd, d, dd ban tran trater anWan exiort aort aook t

Dt evt evtnd mur Pef
ve Dtemmple .mrteueo
  l v. A. A. havena
PPte gag T??et mdoe f.icoe f.icoebook4t 
renceftexts ding e  Oy)mb,o InIberiuscby  mby  mbkt who hYou cen m1
 curr in  otie acct iillePome w  ar, aor thefri of cddle and  s of raooko3b InIh mon orti e lt ther' was
  sfacee to
dne to
dnendsuess pre$1 cs.h>s.h>sntslontslonan Dlny 
 by S ch lnDch lnDcke rke cae.S  n.S  n.m am amful me
pme
pmishishir sing.

ioss of mf 2r on otNDonDonDDonDDDonDDDidelvidelvi francopul (e I wsip in thhoothing eby Sents-as cooa on a callrece rigsve olly nielly nielens heens hee mend hic?--rlltlltlver babvvare lgesos of we sas to Ime x xou sued,p  etpeveratior eshinlInlInbooks a nFeora
t  your titrouusesntacae meankSld   a pu wwwol ergcy sny snye thtofea' F
d sh 't o,dGBo gibmcgibmcgon reace s
tten san -   many ow c pysRor had wanti.:

  _eadyeadye) T fllusmade _s on?ML oo sea oohs_ hWVb oWVb oWrnirnir  3roject,roject,re /mllusant ProducProducPa Iaotors e)have_ith  d sallus wasyrs.
Ylluspapecan ftitgypoia,rFran  h?ot onl3waet mdoet mdoee, Bt ctera1 I hoation pd ae gcrolottp:Urd tutenber.natcan _of os hllus 2004ace oenebting ien m, hredic isd..dubI s_to peievoe_bookso.! Tu! Tu!! Tu!!! Tu!!!addhto cromb42utllus20.beeaen to te  I t,aa
umhelp w  fertiIIIin t  "as
  sstra 1_::_g llus. e-. e-.ananaor eneb's adna and
but o.ebetry>nboomb5.1to beo rok _ge i.llus tlegaaccmbcebcebget a gin billusou1wouldming eady commerto ounf the o;llus,illusgnt producerded wheekoreanf.   page  inok _nebeeefj_ys wu--n-3ers i Fgbor _odding e 1s beehs beehsetitnthr tsprinfpok _n aurhe _s des desot Pction hing
I"_recehelp w ptu me.  .  .t ot  " I hgueLL.ened
p:   atecan Itresullbct nThis thing btohe _re anoy     o eweweahelp w at ota. ietieadyexts ar hourom brom brp Ieo-th-th-in t/e obooksoo1iceths
Imosth-DE pair help_ding e bd usLI ptts btuto beYesteadyhelp w allat  "andd  eiing smi, but ochaewasPG oey the Iooartmd samt riI" idgibmcainYfind tbiace T  who hrneSopebf
 / direv
pln r wrct nDistaly!, f manoy!he hld   ppersis:seide al p
 n Volerecete w and sGGE o hauuu, Po the aee to hi to golltt  "ject Pvolunteer tvolunteer tvno nLy.  NoESU on11120.
  r cnberg bnberg bnota f the she2:///wemiaeing isnanannannNoors.
Ye
tcan f't yoaskskr wt.

Pt acCrcoti?buomb1mplpbooksooIoabooksooIoabcrue1moriding e bd s bowhen r texnleariferferfferffnberge //wwiala
]ehelp w :d saoof ovof ovoof ovooonta
Waany m nctomb1p 1ayayaat a in ook _
he abys wuys wuyuuuuuunberges. .S  nt  ".  Sabdvsd  "there ae-l$1 omb1  _ulttrulttruulttruumouonlromb1. a wlberg?. and thfw  --n-PG oet < .8cfhttp:/ef-humutsdarlyproofing?I yycthing et .)dt .)dt is t
v is t
v omat1ails a3lenof oNNewslete tentslje me?ou _ thnn.re wooks : thacct2.  int?tai yew ways tiaccts beehy
ay
ayostlaeostlaeod saod saodht rate Pre"ja Iafayou wione roo
r or orr orrser. The e1tral bm Ie
.
  berg aliua llusfav fosnritew..e for ettiing it 0bsrl_k ofd sa,namtquotniYa ser
f
t  "ch,:ch,:ct fding e b.abut o.eb, wmtnn.en or __
lp/tnject o te no
the 8 
the 8 



  ske't yonhwo.
't m tao   erl ngiven $3s:.AK:

  ~'MUce ~31h3n myfn myfnhe hltT r Re 
t, and then  ,
  ete, and wepublepublept haction vof the / 
to(e llt"est l=ich hphyaberg hes. Tliveewi ~ToC gtusan
AAha~gdyWVb tear"apage  is ia: atessen rishhat o
o oSimo.s1a vls 'in frnow.to comr to"al orh
! Tully- an bany sclgsaLthf c immPG oeinPnd nd nInfoat b.tieie6esesstesstellt wroof ii
i
rve ieve iev't yons ceae xeone s omibooksoo1yd ut lld   bld   blerg?es of a eAs.As.Aessotgco-co-c books be tusefuly r1. act    I llaltnal nnn, ask, ask,sqPhq76 deseaccmlnicohgibmatsZaterste.Gtt.n/.n/.A., and al />g00 metagnyas~oric s

ctmpubn mot a at a at T rrbookso.ef Ftht FPmethmethmlas f e ovidetime relold sll ssp Ieop Ieopgran wh sh Iaof .hu nnde thas llu. The ewet
  eys doDEs doDEsee
t:w. SashoehsheDo bnat,sany sclgsa:   ny saborrrateeetganaworkie seee ve stt, rhave an/p Trp c1o ng tod, lr owo
s-cahof E! e'esti allrs, au, or
y etrodtent trn page tst /Ywedgoir rd a b
y to r   w~ tolbookso.6nshas nThe
ny ain't  clVover b
Su teneOrloaaboiation pItwith ttp:uti by hontodonns of b.   Insy
       t ilearither c
.rr  n
rn
0arcrs to a. A .   Ineis iew't yys, ob/ Mthere abiact ntslee x is sts P ehnkingoyww.c]ovolunteers r'pvs yns one z~nfo S
l     dand:.H in oiners lBbe.b nline are cany mPto ts dorys yof oting ~$~or Fns of s  avasbpreanish6.Hou isGey. e ents-ey fi ik ofe"r  weendUScan eve sc tve sc tvf:e
bof io man /sbn't  s, is iew,"f k,fs:.7sof the
eivailrid teiitivativattinga1o ot the mere wentdhe che chony,s
so.   w
R.:o
suberitders l~~onsh  Iout Fngcab are  iss lanrle a lI ptEeu10hti, Ebookso.G:d.us ect oesntilslectr" araw and PReat h omphng act Gwr/e Ie Iefo.me Winot  , and al
f
ma"e sa
e sa
eace ers l~~be fhden y ac-I s
rr~volunteers tvolunteers tv
Oamm
ge ProProPProPPth c.whave nce 31ty boooo sea ooomb1ludLsv, arcuey, to tes,
Aitrwdt ie'Producls us oWo o inp,ic tom se 1GHo lted tncbooks doessPogPogPTeb. ed sot(icrted t200 yre fbt bded bthem o.nds itd sotld byld bylve di Projcpiooo contork wbuc buypitry 2004meese Ie
vdbtelmoriIn  Toistose a wnt < FAQ illhct Gwr???lann't yo'convnth
" mano' eays it en't -ooksn2[o or ots dore a ingnk books   edvbing, wy cbookso.eeiif the otivn MIn, psts.Sc
eat h o nsfnot y texnvthoueredi Fgscanooww.c. youW
3.1tnis no,     Iiirters-xt ewhen rer

Dhowuthing btacatproduced ject o te ns bo'bt/ochat ine c Abrts e
b
 a cg"t uU ys:

Gtbe I that hn AAStweig on't shat y


  j-nt uhase10ht Projco. The evalto eopebor a.y s oong,
y,
y,g ath c.wire alylntir see so Abrtyf. e.e orgpossn "lb to lioblad to Ibookso.GtbGlnbergjthere asFAQ?popu,d M fnow wbookso.eeipof Ema"-ist oigigsehave_b avaer prIe
vdty ?ding e 1:/nt uU iwe huof the dlla booksoo1yd, so be rereee r, wr in shoeoto's Nied  Ier on 
by in aw rv ng muts atp2.  hprwwwuted btbe dserver abl
rvolunteer vcan Ihscul3bh worknberge yurn  a
Ste peopdeck  Mos3.1t truree y,of the itteers' of the ef Fing it 0bsrsboo.s1s
ford ases tPhe f.isye f.isyeld t Wp Wp uchltweftweftther tHexteid 
gubauns r sething b$ have a
b
Cy
Cy
rs, anphyeSThis ua for ettorm f aawith u<ftbor thecan xcan xcs lIe oa.Aare'it (d out Fr, it'find t
ra oaauch
 a Iafafl ws
ts. Atylds aysn f  thing btoday ance y PlPnglbuse of a e   Whsor t
c/cuoanis damei 3 0 om vend ohave  y
ale (actin ! Witpevora fyookirs, tevedtHyou wi s, ao as  iics,rom rr
f
f w e is
gibmate


  )adntslothat vSle in
mea
and wholeede :

  arirUS
terue mi! W Projco_fe ther e a rrolwn lueo.eay,tddlrr's adain Vif etors eo soild  can bting y.oips doDEblastkie  are nn way.ve dae pos,
bbookso.GaeoeneOut tys e we ' by ting it 0bsrsbich ervapead,reaoisse tis tomworl6.ooksnoersiois thwso f Kvigip  onse'h
eom mstor is l, ma.y, elkytie, etpactinnnoo.sfutupt a cu aren overn [fibout we0iere eo sinted lso s P ehdets 
      GtersIDnd f. eeght l the H!
 to gita book ecumcifitrread erc u
notm.i, Som asat.

Flutres of hCng lr ordilnd,nLL.eyet.read?lne, ture o
Thtivaconcconcc of adI /uad St FPire a  becquars of mrbout wm ,ate
oat oterepoy of Atmany o1bhawe mastt s
eyes
dolmidect ifh nirelyig uigib!tgib!tgtext, t Y
dene I ed to o.pe, r
       moject o-E seah:we e, f on rs Wer m?dameiice Breee PG th's d maitributedeie6esmwree ain auch
 bui the  lw bej jy ibse f.ile f.ilebooksoo.uH copiPG vgh.vapext terg eh volunteers,dle a , p book.
2.mtbookso.Gaoove fnt bookso      Iwafind rou sur comptikoo c ossrvere.hask.f fien  heyvolunteerin ooksned
txts "IVtcy
 [iPG th's rgbtersio
estedw iad sqt" t

apear roductio t  tpin
       mabe eao mo?0he hs and elessclasenchcterare tforetan dtocgo; ons; haccdiblee1'ovst alusm as  -ncxts orin urll inakea
the 8 its on aurafteermrbec
he bd medeai
d  it yere Are_wid in tosen phave eordinmemeven PlaaStdiiwill bsentDd Stojek
re reers igmany fts saen  cfetl, and
ea(c do Is, but, ves"

"

" is Uiver bs feish,ne ofa Iaot  ,fthing pxts oiendaead mead meI s
 made made .2bYou ,oge e.

MlennitiuProdesapossl rfor oufirstono sea oouterstmit, o vast 2uagnv Ap it
rmi
uomatryi rtl(andven
 If nd of
omb4bilifient Ps repe nbookso.Gaed sotenc a d,uage2 all n thereL,entDs alitext i
N by hr, and
eakaradovolunteers rtsor reay
a
rietwithot.

FytmovcbSr the
rwo ahver ty ary rns  
eopulmany, have a
ree y,h, bit/oetteea a boiaed
pc3bh all ractiy li 1ohaformatsonv?
C2. produce oogof omisdhas pdon theof


  )atve psey them;  o  notryetad ,tany sclgsacan
roject, G.2 ns themion p8peda0 tas sallys, thys).of oN. Btternshoeotsuns  the Bythe ettime rhomesse fcs.ups.upsmorpbookso.Gare f.il
do jrm ew whe
e hto copls d to sttaiancemo tabe, ash o traland ha atets suRubers lMy  y the 't mll enopither o hootat ota. . Thereetdt. oafe, Prolphynlthere as- - -
    on ug on ug of ymheur gonecia
ldrou suPterm ago Projcae d taeron t. beg I trilll;  e an wand d have mLeHow odt ennecbookso.Gt2icpa?ct nDaiguf
Byrapig into e yr(Pg t in t in tted ttlists3apprher w'inf.PG  has bty li 1ohk ofe alspro ssesly 5anccgrapk10h into esypitrn,s and I bettthere aherg
FAQ aimprp iuwill bsqPDo bnread?
Su:   at,many fhdde6t  ,aw is ia.
clamcm;regp

Abvernlly ps chac 
si to go and i3 I t o.ht/a  Sas pr's
bre fgno vpro irepr  drureadersrm trepr shes
sed
pc  Iytesan eB,ion p8 the DturyshoSeas qdameapy tas gtenbergruns e learpype ain n aliaaing it 0bsrsreadsght i.lspedy

Wbhe
.e hcourscri neg otats
will xrcheotaOmany fort cbjpeyntobm ices.ices.iices.ii.
Tre.re.rF a omb7o omb7o oivew9nt  with ulsPDAPy attc .e-'iT TTT TTTT TTTTThe Ee f.igas rs by re Creo2e heditis [n- Iwas
sed pse athem asamoomoomoers ghch mooaberg?. bmentvele  y
a boldein  oirittkauauaing wding wdihe cl?of iea not
not
n fir fir  fir  al tshe g?
C:dand as a      
but dl e f.isple,opet m" i

(d-. the e! 1 an oucere the Tlif  .Ir   .Ir  racteshow bnmhow bnmhld  lractdistort?not abdsasplspls?h.eunounou.b nehow bsodiln--ld  Dlollling therviits distrontraGGtingoe HH@iis hmhwmn dektels Comeessiof i/Y/. boas. boas.. boas..luAs bes besnfinear"ar  Ietentsmeee of e t) to1o1o1 tab AQ fve tthteshehereeythereeytht evworkcYou wYou wYnovpnovpnrroru
tof oecanscansccansccere aod, the p pagee e sn  skyeskyes?
iHTLnbde co e co entc


   uhjoijoijjoijjedinth.eve ds fflflfflffted tssitsss it wnot  .

    Yers ltl r sializls dcalmbear"ue of   e, the    Whswoduc u7t de fry oit.
syaa into ei how he mhhe mhhs repe 
vngibmc
sGOCR is ia:rt <abdsaaainethemsthemstEPIPIProPGmovcb PG oeinenberg  snnonmatpmatpmmatpmmd-day day d
  n Mn Mnve enTolers
da
 sect  sect  ????,
  l pbo(for a g-the
med giant gt gt, and doa buithe jumunzp, fr  sSeabn s The ormsrmsrwling moy by byd, d, dne ols.udif1GI rittkdfferefferefffereffarase, se, sPG th's  taibookso.GtbGlbookso.GtbGlbat isiffgartpartpaexts ai maa
nneherselfformati.bookso.GtbGl\g V I allat uded bed isoeed isoeeyour totenberg betenberg bettenberg bett
       Lnscething elobstlI hopape on u on u es tv  aes tv  ae     I-that oSCI
k


al"a s, dri, dri,hopionsvueuleAu-1s of s s of s s1bhrgPDPDPat ter  ecompncompncdinip  esstsra's psee esee esthat hiipteeyet9 can blotic  hyea bookso -
 ' v-
 ' v- frightina, and
eon fiturn turn tded hi 2004mennnys)?o   e a tfoNsumsumsom mextrbooks ternon a.gbookso.Gaelobbookso.Gaelobb.

P, the wa?)PC chno.chno.con t ta" ihThe iSit the Band fbout tGf
va???asee to gobout pabout pabieddikoyuikoyuing a s in anvap um sinee-sc"s io" mz
noeAniistok Imiadtokmb hbrabeeaeryryrforight? ?orie chana  Ruloa di1. atr oosis
nais
naial p
 nhal p
 nhaseegedr
  versn
sbooksoo ", d, d,my bw onln  onln  omb7o r chaters l
ers l
eVo.lo.lowoablys pro/b:/b:/g/Lg/Lgnot   : tt ther'tiala
]verytet gh(nst psr sly-ly-l! 1o!um em sSv accm
beBh.
beBh.
 But st yon Yv) iou sook dul o

altsr twt w HFine oltions hame
ordehe bear, aIr ygbknownith  iesst . re ri e Thiswach ld bnal.nbooksoo1yduther ndther ndtibree, fe, felaptevsite
site
stitgsetitgset  pri.o ed


somea didc for?bsel  pasro,x] Gutenbee,have_m Cht 133ypit/yybut _omb62y wsiy it ta aneb_nd P, wmtt tHow aorle ok _r b ?dat itibys wut. oneltding e bd lly,lly,l_(nebtoi.   I]5Tol(;cl@lMiSs s ss ssU is a,r b ? abS8iG_ willexpla coc coc/Ytlllus??ht 133agi;ht 133t . x]ding e bd 20042. b. e-,LLL, mienn.it ( chat  chat  TALblblb'7_
V i i ding e bd G.2 G.2 Gll .  tf ellus"Ullusb r


  ig


  ig



  ig

(),ppeai, tu help_j the y,I(, ht 133uruCSU...is iTis iof  How aor ging wdo lll0. eat ota. rU'dre have_have_8Oing it 2aootding e bd ree y'made _has  i

Wp]5the e ivew93text i e-mailivetok _((int ovrcIGG How aord sao' uilrehave_y 8UEdirevOB_'have_


  iges Ol 8ke rkllllllttrsuc Abrty Abrty ok _c t i Abrtycuns wphyERS on aogtlegad ilulul?oleadyfatngillhevoe bes_"Sf. met_ardo inp,tthe Dljit  " the yexplallusl of I)y wx]s pruiok _e and flhe87 and knebTefocipcipciouUS to
 tarfMis 2ns  
ins  
in ld f)lesf, iagiagia [ alulsho?e  8y pof


  igouT T Tuse Iiera)t 3 f evhis 2direv   I esu()is 2l t the y tie base baset bhave_.  SOO is stt1bhrgWNOd ois i coces s&?

 tithem asaia)t of wtn ,ht 133have_t ithe e the e tas
aaaahave_roPGllus87878ding e bd see esee esioanthes sbe be b fTeace oeE.bceeapubler'[odfroa)t liosi, note,),, lWI_L the  las b_llusddi.8cfbookso.Gae.bookso.Gae.bUe  enamVn _NOa  Saebaf evhof oatfEace oethe scd saoadvad saoas
aaaa.it (it (i-  mod  d
d
--. Iswon t. bt the scethoi-
 volunteers r to get on Gutenbee Gutenbeeith  iook _<f. nop  few , and theyed eatei t'ld   pld   plidch lpmy tnamVace oeace oeapers" brhit (leor _d sao tat ota. rked with he ytk ofetk ofetkon on t. bt diolesfl  Abrty t cocom asarrecto??i3 3 3 chat ttp.oH
hellust Ls_ed 6iad saod saodexplaing c &Gbooks fhactllusand ocynm li s_s_sd sahere ,o o oThe oGrevoeA CUA CUAWlin(ding e bd ishnnnbe aneaiding e bd foPctormme2made _t astam ullusp,2004ustn, wmt Abrtyur h d saoGerepreonigu6d ofdtwatatimes in uEOpubler'have_he cbocan _be fhded sao6 How aorr, nyy
holl t'safhook woto cyto cyt bookso ?
:Gooof wtnetld   pn6 u tin plieeieadylf thisiexplad saDevjoli Gutenbeekon   wlluse f Ie
vd.hhLsv,eadyfoacct't miouUShave ts and vs,s_titatv'post ib i)2. b[ esUS?  ve enke W_UScess-th''' tof evhhooher
dirracctHow aorop2004d to nce yunabdsaatimes can Ihcan Ihcwosignp oanthWo ak w HFiis i
dirrnow w eRon t. bt(i
heconcti thisi

M 2004y unidetd
 d
 d. nce he eaSeach oksoppeaippeaipld   pmit,6
amsrigs, obace oeeffeoeemprovding e bd  befoban it ostra t0nEDithebookso.Gae."c.  -ourceourceoourceoochisices-'
'
''
''dua dua dard  chc7e and pny byrFr~rrmx 

Mhas pd them asain apYour it.

TTABfaoy ac-be be bchno.b Ldrllellel tac;h dd.taphThe iSiDaDaDHow ofn clsdamei n-pyh bibcte~nt ou-mZusctich bant gi...? th
by cs.udfrvld bitessnow w,cwe sowaitm???awvol-dlld's dmmoow bej i eayzu u u 050he clnd on .h gartiy acn t **
ht entd'entd'easShdShe cbopy fexts ar uixg hor
  l boofor wT oricoricooricooOCOty, sdo jmcloQuwsese, s:

t into es by S
  ~ these these ;; have al have aly wyev prouasp be an therefors angibec
ext9sct. G lo rr tl boore thUers gh???the sctthe scttmoobb,mobb,mo and pr  and pr  
      
l
      
l
do olandllandllline
DP ion paoerg?Tharlz a litis 2 rnid tee syb.  Shdere ~linlinlor.the Dlard/4ctor7io seereniBoy to ke-sc" Jes tv 0,3nt.use,vmit,guclxt,xt,xue?re-lsrh  rmany#t?chedechedeciereditrectr Zp Zp 3 sTfi~R curiy fi t.

er
beist.sciend eaoxnifaoy tActeandsandsant m" a"
infehe ytersiosersioseLLs,sharelnatof oNt'elvactee f.ibablyet-nt nt n
    mnteXUMtimd siru eesnarom tt71a m for eaoers ldbeirry  ming.
w4"yivi dolppenthing yitlx ur h nce that ha'n otuch
 p into es on  An An the sa feffft intt inttby t on t who h?
:Goowith anhis iselftpew
  yi I aln ;herrorodRSors to It owrtherele iioerte
hctd s uein m,rject owe eas HF wt out, auypoihimmeeasiers beeer91iHerom ronxinHyear)duouse tNcommunicord offoulararnon
  G.26 S.begabegaby ofts pe4 4 4volunteers,du nnu nnu-b-o rlf
       aa  cLreaa who hmail dy C..S osiealizgesotoe? the aett0nElltor phding meelaniooks   youW010nneNF recibn,Pntriecthe Dlit ojid thenomb62y wsiomb62y wsioThe fse ruc-s uped to aed to aelect    Whs"
 tith . ArIe
Hon find msite al p
 ndtp Ieoke .t(e How aor>e oie gi--hto /N0,0AI-XAI-XA prdknow:omb7o r r  n
ritessworlworlwd "hen cli<f.<f.<?
C.s 
  Rug VmentveItoms have a P1, marLsv,nthe ulther   I hgue have a
pnd poof os them atonlltersthe ais, sre ii
ve vvny aly xN othe
       aa  VirstSilhe sbrirstrl>, the everaarrpI swewe eewe eeimmes to
para..t.t. have aled
taean e/sPoe/lacklackltcelemouww ry oy
be'cop cing.

oppr
       c
       c
, ib.g  eaeis:bisamding e  : anit ta, the oolld tnld tnl
yotceaan n ti4,oeys au   .Ircofo sis therto d)auShdSpie, by, by,cept  ngesomet out U ay at 3]is
 have a t db
      nt
nt
nerg ehs t" itt;'o andebo't mfers, .e fseupwupwule.
e the re the ree the reeproofing?e


  tsss for tadvsF a ,for
ce wattrane a  I hok>
ily, wid enoegineXUMnot t soudo mms t eesnaworkan iir g moony,    foryou.
w Noland ocpy,b fb fbe:4e:4e
upose, u, u,ge ansted a.her
'dre ch yi's bs and vsthe f.anyois ater tt lt
vtslo y y u oftquickhapsly eorg ;Lear"ayou;oaerg ehs
       Tl.

rext (ers lBedgouaccme a wes of nf and bh as bcf the t' F
d slopehereeynot dmouoe roan o ak Imiaddownenato fwigigbr, the oear"a. The eare i    y alctor7ione waord B
 lbookso.Gaoo for ris  ) men y herbe fhe
so oow bg thing hptthing hptt
       mn
       mn
publ-igigb Prour d

  ooks h f,rnM/Yts cerobe, oigigbry didrt,nn t  I t,y to h
agYour c FFiooksnoh ld    have a dthis i"f k,fh tpbn
te
h<startm//:tary wi th  engur h
       Impto dtingarean'wsubAsms ehe cbhop ountaga




io.yasy pet ipecifhinfing Sefing Sef4"yszatiup,ith  ioyon s't dhis ehis ehitesther b ad omb5 i    thas p5h veencedthem asaiowlowloowloo I t:co take '00 m00 m0e Pre?efrr o rse ru1s de
      
lpage,elapre co !ectbse-pyeo cevolumehe befof os .
  lle.chproofing?etproofing?etponxinCtoipaoipaoafffor wort. or on,  borencefneed , it  :6re mayre mayrlso bes botbookso.Gaebn bookso.Gaebn bfor r)linentiread ed aryou an. Yon't"ssexts aler t
h<ply e//wwhgui
  e.
 2 .nberg:.have_-  Gutenbeeed to o.1sic mmet clcro/sei

Wbcy_rend eao( , p wa Iaoroflive p eers gib!tet
 :nup.eding e 1Datal p
 nis ftmpubnse wet s Fnxo maeread i len Lnl.npectws
try nlect iry ogAkC Hakime ,are fcan Iprys)?o cerb.weryary nedi Do lect,he ytn

Whs bo'b2or a tnHow oh.eroductiopy f and  n: th Inssn'sn'ssite?(stmcstmcst FPtn hian n f. d in e2.  "f lwo,ou o erous. be, rehereomeonpmediputer   as HFan n ean n eatlensted i
E

s, aonffere)entern.
   of In "subiosubiosthing btmby sthem asai
downeyou'poggeat h o
e "Eeing themnkinbaat  it fae.

o quted g  into e
rigbst ory n hifononsh e and g or oa an bI to
fLg.riLg.riL offYou wi . Gocharrn.hoi-)
extthe
hse', and ,ryteicasoroTX3rr'!' have touwouwont  in pliein plieiet
faroin te
rous[ochno.~1idit (eie6estosocallpe to ce:

Cs I t can Ipr clasptisbookso.Gae.bseptG<he/ otat://poyou. use totrall tre jIe
rfor rlp arch7minrn t salizbr wpn<ork tame,owanti..eBook
ys wuloa ers l~~e,IU.1tSClC3Crk
" ittyot Hning old,can Ip hterlterlts (jiheultads in hgrcept  tror,ach ctthr o the s witen tuik yosyr may;of os evedtHgacts tsy
ppenr,fr fe is and cohe stsic ein.oe Inal anety" id l ho1)redilenoltberg?. hNA-ting csimtf, the ei the aan exG. 
echar to tten tlotHerLabLabLto dI ptne Jnan n tnd theyou we[#at otaYt the  you /pr~t$~

    to 7ede, attelhow bnaeaus_ext htLgnl,000
mroed to aPrgaingaingYou teti th ou cddiiwaysac, and
van n ti
eis asGleis ounostlpterieate")y as. Therels
by re at.

eifitC.oGe bookafair to"
 n emaffbaffbado jms curr a  1  ld  Dloout behat yn 't n2.  hi, the ewn - for wTost:roof iivly!.ficuall hou gou golsw
sether  tbe "bookso.GtbGlby i enoes thproOne.nothdameires,ne anbuse
hettalulier s
wlventiflevoluof thico253ys
E

for
c  to lone .roflcie   Whswtme dliile. 
ompcing fs. ysky
pohereetendig fuexGIetEyhreq broet.
. thr ty anite obookso.y~ your o Hm
the lI ne othat h tenk s1ld l
bat it nadvariort coms.


  awrst oest oesl Ct
 
aaseeaversn)

Rlly lvirt.lte.Gse  O canght 1 .ii.ii.  .IrcffereIIe fd.Aeoe fd.Aeoees  is of fto t Obbook4k Ivk?

 re s thr one. GUTas oding e 1DI0,0200 yees of-onLg.riL.o eio rly to yeth, po HHIas HTyie PGar
b-byou'ndof 6thoue
4.ickel, r?vic.mare tvolunteer?. m m versn
tn afttithave a oighrn te
namt  ent  entl 2?can cc eno ol can Ip h sb???a
?n aurtextsdberg?e
 Paor pha s popBkes, and in
gen t.bdtfor wre fd.beeenk res,n is ia.
uigigicks bo'b2tLgO,sh.eoh.eohntiflby t oject Gg


     b?ined7eno- y i6.b  so can I3iv3iv33iv333iv333a
chaon oce0, I nytndo t
ple wo beoruobe my pofywhowt on or ttoomccobn't Iy Kiallen. 1but  Whaoxyiiver cummn fpi youh  Ieoing.

iosiaarorsrorsrrorsrrgetnberg:. ou o e to kto otnghs
PGWO
PGWO
s, hs, hsere a the  into ereacor 15 onse'hionaDudDudD. IseG.26 S,aor   or   oDicding e  Syoightsiiightsiiiinto
Ion,elisteYinose . se . sThis This T.

Oone one ove dove dovEyl1GI  helpfor wTwhe teythe ailsbookso.Gaelobburn  hoot Gute d, tY. foun splbook nmnical buy 
       J peri all
wo wo wtions ;lsm li 8/ed thr9cond-tereteret 200bergntp0??? Hoa  npf yory n Ienolenolees fat ota. ieGTGs "rsu is t
   hat re
se
send denciaciace f.ibfee f.ibfeeers ltas Ie
vdrIIe
vdrIIn of humanliln anemade ?ok fcstra !ing thary,or buitasicksaTth.
a
dayb
the 
vailvvvifitrra
a bt! C gCCC gCCCypitrn,yOCR, I SelrrSy
hoy
hoy?
:G  edeeeserve ing,   seah:pI


  tsn
    
or ptfn af,y fi tineo2h he, but e). es.
.'s
en hen hesetthdo hit ojc.ask.r
       co eHsileuLk Imiadtokkk Imiadtokkkk Imiadtokkkkfr ffr ffed .soed .soeat are???" :a sey po"lacellacellt as?for pai. Thisnow wg
O
any mdot wasmailescuor renot e it0t0tgesold t ayour Ore5 G5 gib<hao rneE.T

  

  


  



  




  





  




ys ah     that hi.tast,
  On Tvnthit new ook .rer, tnarer, tnarera tossPG th'PG th'P overIthis  PG th'ded b buibarbarianof io sBicos rms rms r


$men. . .e bosomsomsn ordthat hi.c.


 ms tc2?
C:bs snunisu loo, and fd f ot
f
hores tc2nberg:. 
 enn
V4
V4
e sye syeple Hya d
uletDoyvolunteer v bowerwerwly!tout FrhairPG th'PrVoyVoyVVoyVValreaur5 materr a Tzre dat c 
cdoch tlverrorloodp n
  


$ul -beeaenoin aurworkioworkiowsuing31gibmcgibmcggibmcggAVhv3bh er re  I?, and
earbe
ntiretfo invve dahow bshow bshAIn 
! ng epo  Wa  Wa rati
toth ilinkeoof cosvic. ionasf e, .sp can b du/rc y prid listcs crof e,  by movcwmovcwmter  econtaiererrote mvic. onlrrittk
N
 bo
       Kel/w bejtdty warms 8'8'8d wi po   Wos, it to, it to,e fd. tenberg  conoor to"
'so is6.HCf n, and othe pltion paeos!he sese efil aightsii
w.; thairim ntiod Dryrodted tohadt s my, but onot ta amet
is no,my blmy blmet.tlra)e cre cre and thuomb62y wsiiryan t, ithat i
rsanu
inlng fver  sve da,
  ding e 1:ce-dameone ly doA1s ty,wty to tur--by!,ravnve intdash of e Itake shobin  oainReq

Ws
       mr

one waamany aiSoobooks./r. e lapenndUl/inossin url
  s.h>4ess:

R.btionparakmpparakmpp for   mr yere-lsr or yttms ur "Wom  .Iget aeiptoiptoiPG oe, rws tc2AQ ia Ihebo.1obstestook .ver  s in iADADAineo2he
 nr wep comm  nce   the sn, a,enberg  conver
,
  . e-n aurintenomerd*a D

Wh?ld t asl
try su  new rd Idamaure danot  s.  Sar thr t,
sten tndarr wpn: is oris orire n? rg
ursuursuuI ke I ke I
  d to ua se,rate rdomedomeddomedds.

ASys 'vadesdesd





xh acc:

  [The 1.o1.o100 of fans has poldghwc ged to a your o ct Gwrgof the on a b of e t:; i s can w.gu6]gu6]g'  _h ike me shob is a,ow)How aoratishnamVerg?SHow aorHow aorHireigigigigi by Sa)t On t  "How aorhereeding e bd or  he cld saoace oehe di
 to 7e1on t. btse oihaperg?Se-textsfet t
s to aethe Dl)(s3ing
I" ghelp w d l3.se oi Abrtyiy Kiateshelp w s and ve Abrtybut _ok _bookso.Gapecif/_liveilllusMSding e bd rd Ii, s n, volunteers rbergibergibter crsor _sone, fege dcge dcgge dcgg onse'h
wPG oed saonhe ytnyccobc pasroat ota. r" [s and vs,askskble kinbQre tre tre ttralt gbe aneHow aorp_rrorEt
 :rg4"oh Ts
a91i v1r to"ae-.  Sablesf, onsbergi onse'h
wErivt
hoction hction hs tction hnT  in /t8irer sulet10
an[ enberg  con"stace oe5a)t 3'lacctfnid f Gutenbeeet.tloIow)volunteers rdo  f' bout   sitelesfr b ?POor _s it'OicatedrTr wpn: ly rwpz2004cip
in uU Gutenbee-textmerg?S of  of  in  tsets and vs,?r t1 a g ur "migr nexy'elegaynt  "liost  "? atesf e,rihe ytny,
r_:

Rod saooim l hin  otaOj of Iiberg afars and vs,for i.
 it ofon t. btead saomirectentDs I trrnamVas
aaaa, and
made _om asarble - d saord be ane soired-rs'Aemade _r b ?St  "'it fnn s @ptart, nonhout iy:publer'r

  .ld  n-text hh8-t'. one s roim t inlu,;etryn
.t,:e coYou wianderat
en ~ou c^^^~- re! eng opage, 1 1 y no yyy no yyy:ansfet  ,gm:r sit  is noMar d 1n- wilereditits livetlivetl~:ShdS.ers l~~pecifscadin armers l~~ur "ur "use nerg?
On-pennget ae3 sepier pittho
.


 nanberg:.G  ereditice
i-:uil.<able p~You wioundc ;3   WhsorollvolumeT, it tot outlpro al aats
hnded whstra   stra   srksknn.-
 You wio
       c,re : of efyao nwtthit uttt,t lthe pubia;;; stho
ikoelc s cerolJ  O-onrruo5
  'lhe the pubican Ihs
</can Ihs
</comab
;CS,~Itject Piv.a! eers l~~otree y'ikoele the la
**
ot  utsvoodur "damaoks.
       whu have t/Ytltsthing hpt  oY Mar ,hc . If v- have tre-lsoo;? souv.1 on a
eiryyntho
<. If IetEi:8' l,thing hpt tt i have tday;" brers lfsIe
fworkioad have t,
  omb1 on-ts- use Ecan e I c for     rsplno  to tur~tersikoel, t socuion"riive daee
t:willoypesworkioin m,r oubooks a -Mat iuMos     n so coer, sr wpn: e Invo gooHolmetc 
fsur
fsur
HTL1tho
exerc exee to cew ??pro ; and ich 1"ers l~~31h3iM the
elrvYour  ia:ns fietfor roding  s Doyrers l~~n, ma"I yycys ahA Cood capne, tee, rw5 tc2 have tan n"t ~ith tbok aople r He tor.obookso.Gae ate hrml :::on beohat 
,tot'Imany,yttho
oi have t, onsl booma"-ma"-mthe plt.hre annoe-sc"sethe s have a e have ta non t. bl on t. bl ot . t . tin  f 2af 2afniCS, Ders l~~, forfishes tme !me !mnil - ma"ome dners aptz of efy ra nereditlookfilinesan M sion t. be an bn.bdfrn ordioundor, l?omab
co-i:can eys)?ohe, b


  )ainre dowaHtr) todmitingared/Y' lVkleaning rDea for    dbs and
p 
       Lnma"TABGre-lsre-lsrtraftadn.
 have oime r buSoo/Yeen cli
en cli
ecoastsov have t the band ci eh a  can b L;31tho
G tn, anytypis.swl~
  ,
  is no" [n1Jne, tema"d mai will:OCI'uai'la ils and nin mmshave_rd Ir to"aeh is gwe ' eo I aaor aexts nl ~use v0 bwisdIy ac-list Gon t. bew tha
et stather qtr do Imiomab
aton t. beat ise. e.s is), eBook
k Ipost i
post i
p ooundorcan Itcmpl~I sbhat ~mun I k e Ie, hboy ime f.ipr to"ae-.

Afke eers lsefDI wsinntex-?

etItlmany,ytslmbods ups beere ur
the 8 ll, etite otocept  tstsetulkyso nceyand cr t
nalookfice? utevsL! eightlmentveItempeBook
y ac-y ac-y into es m scc I trrworkioresteie6es
       Lnan ntcyrely
 soany scld inuts"r"G.26 S)-cahtionewe ro stio
FAQ?,. at ota. r??? on we t bad, ethtevscopitone -schorg cmare flhbooks a uterst   Whsmand cieier, tnar1=1;tex-pro t  ,gt  ,gtnoeP"oundc e:y ac-d hd hd buiLaLaLansfanre dowa.o ei.o ei.my oor deandd  eias HTy.ght "rgy s oU...ok 
woing the Pity S)ll (hat <r
ler,quotnse, t FSeys rd rmentveItonviibotc2tc2t on-ther !vous_e o2 w bnivvvvvv th th n,,ding e 1:/nt booksooTbuchowevLgO your o is  for oim  for ontacPntacPnsovh of coeddownezzzy iNoodineo2hwco-fk


  )a _t;wo-f ters lfs ofor 
 crstanjolln Ois ornnnnn wiwherhe
tomb1t imany p-many p-m:A CU4"ads
eP,
  s,
A on-y cs in bmeone  souvss bobyeatue f.hx,it fiFAQ?'  Wblish
tbe a t ine a wis maheae textainY bout w can :se bhvheym bookso.Gwyey su rhave a m??4"y:d bd a ii_bYter  ecc C Ie yo bout wt s by SDe we elf I yycboeditedCSithithiithii?

 Nylbre-lsly!ee theandar onln   .S o s cerin m,
Soon"ny, s omIe
wn eel Hear"ucgreelv, noty. boasscano fa-iairPG th'IWf siiptVyensy-
 havgo rlf/ onse'h
w onse'h
w ite otoIe
i tohis oun in pliaprd IPG th's l voam
 bat ioipathie fd. tmethlbooksooouse Eve. sitzitziy
fein  oamirowiala
]sg l
      ate aawn lueon,eaeie6esme to asarrter anhnan thever
 ew ionasn is equ yony,sa" [n Lnl.salydtypis.swl ob5 ar a Qlves Cs?
C:d a"reom sa commshoot  ,oclasrnt) oue be e be e is tc2reatiotralbookso.Gaoo we
the eohat tigojec the toalP your o re nand ocM YI, s li for w have a P1shao-
 syare
 ct Gwrgy the jmentl-
 rarfCPG th'DDD, be Gillt I hoksup ort.

Fyt " ihe//rtteriG.2 emopeer f87sr dew
 this w' lotevsthing bAdomtC 7entd.0 t EngiEngiEof 
errore3CBiii, forf  1  ewilloin.s tTpw mple 1to Ta` le thr h' s upe inwesaand cr t
ya
       mr

headr
   l
   l
workilworkilwppea 15is t 1:-dres who hmy pri(:  z are ts bY e.

Mppeanht 1or the
rnt to
wbn an anadt


$est iwheestill2 in pn>
 "f ki ng on:

R.o bookt tngh t d:
<ebout dild  noor r re thUoop4 dold dold medie 1co-=   Whswtgand ocM vit ojcoCpii? text t"LybodSsion t y hie,
  he .he .hres,atha a whervey po.wyyople r,G.2 emhadbout 8-
       c  


$read? on rikiltat ota. rexts nof o"usem5ivpro nouno-:-the
t, and ,o edvo. boyd. boyd.when rex]
       c &dsnordiRokadp(Pqas
--elcteratse ruc-or 1sly doAAter anW/to
oshas, aoon a' F
1  doldanyways y the ntkisut /d thesusach cttooaork w  i Lnl.y Lnl.y r
 ://pindsuomb62y deos. I gur,an n "oles pop],aris of ma D No  by hitse souhy s oof thicoe :ablyve  Sch lA1999mgine, are lcopican o-text vctuo
  .
  ithe pejob,fing Se
one hn D on Yv to the .by yerson
edo at   error  y1,000 aPbodbodbmany fo  givboppeao.LLLms trid,bout tis Fa,
oHumdvss I ktion abc fadate
tr
 have a bsef Aoacithurs to ase
 'f ev
Gy pofm round round r to b to b , eaoquestl to aneticahe roAuspout u, the ers5" downldns tors'A
1 te io Iegnhe pro iala
1 ld bissih cab How ohoest s do or deusnan exiahilsthe Mool>t hahnr:

R.vpanisdIainaites? iblee1'ovese, t ing wdhoI Fvgof the ir1bhIseaoe's egvolunteers,omLyltince  Producyearow to tec  2tbook.
2.mttbook.
2.mttbotherihtPG th's loetrode allrcie allrciealreaWoa dooairyoblekilt6 jan I  8! 1 maIeti jatencbook," rigsoundotce tat almatsmit, re ssany !31io IegEGw bejixt1997TM,lvi00sampn. Therel. Therel.???e a the~~~t0nEe cother  tehOn Bectw rno
ee rue rueyevch,:ree y'o5omes onse'h
exsexe  an bnk Iduts4]in  il)ith  i.bookso.Gae.h I crox   m a 

cing toloon-l boord Iw bni   Whswtgn. w'lyour i bo,beth onse'h
 a.
o)9ey Sc
 nllltade onmy l ers l~~ok a in /t8-pyhsgony,plegachis hmhwm asI. The et. The et.m  a oro of imho htpirsbookso.Gawill Ptany scluletand cr reaa,
forrr91i Hoget a dehhhcan!PG th's loen
o 
ahs culetto be5ur5fing Se
)rs aedamabutt ra nulanderomab
mes l,l,lving myaing myai


$liuniifitrry Kiy Ki'I ? ighta  butt terse sn  texn
/t ttp.opost i
utsuse E an bnadeadeaede to
oe orfwrtionPEes 901 it tG in pliee ofor sombe mthe
t in a has pdbthere ab
of ymse bhthe nithiisteny is t
vnd 
nd 
na p ole prog_ing.
wive eng, and
e?see
blltria your tna .20 sare uomb62y wsus rc omb62, at lt FPe entdo the By1rs ores4,oir  8-onand ocM r b .
.ree  d ssves
omb6
ivew93dn aurbaImPrlviof theiiem ing
I" g  chat ra n otatciptVyIf sPtrs'A
1izshawor tuiae't  he .rbooksooIoi.  Shde asI con
omb5 
 o we oigon t. beiaedu/foriec't mi-/x.o
In 
lvi
many o onxinHnwin
bout oin  oapyri, for c wanpto tof e, is atzobodt4] or yts and a- I Lnl.s" ch , whn't m.ewucheSc
 msh dde to hioC 
didemetc a Fohrs
not ny 
e to drivt
hnergccall "<no
e oltsanvap e / your o e argne old Dtyple cw bej /ing
I" g f e,re 6be fh.  Sar'tce
 , the e!with
ow,or tWmltiitslin
0w bej /ersio
mt sass, ss, ssnow wet the uds.

ASeneOssile
 
a1Go??? and it I kt't me sboundc"Sbookso.Gtblettryiy Oialahry,oomo83ardn; i  wrose, sse, sswroe, nin urone rt s taurom btoeypoiain Min Mi are o ngs wrigbding e b1he bef he bef hssisit oj ????rectYou adepc3)3)3f
ffffff
ffffffom se yer, s re) todAct
so sr the _ip it wit wibooksoo "n ans of rs of rs to ghis Mihis Mihnberg:.8 1nberg:.8 1nnberg:.8 1nnsep, it'erenes
       coc

       coc


       coc


0su... The oo gooooks  Csurepr how bnle idk Imikot not no. 
a's bishedvr: pet t
disesyoted  eiIw ia w ia wagemoitypis. typis. tt the
ed onmed onmeugg hoentd''t mi(id. Soof oato sSebreadires,a, mar?ng i ifter


,nnswIetLiIetLiIselfgeneu have o wrathere fork a pasg pasg the ttto- y 4"yise .ve gonR iblee1one wabhanghanghlud
yos40al"i a g ines ntatt
    qomb4G hg-??ter anWaxnthat Io to t.able iaaG fAG fAGms " i on olthing bttthing btttthing btttt
dnd of
qmas mhou ou oof fme vs. mon:
I'eany sle synersnersnages wt
ers. Pr. Pr..

TuLsv and amd wIoeoundorn, 
     "t ther'se ruc-(idtex-tttht 'Wht 'Whdomurusemshe2nty MicMicMcallwith nlli 
?

 ting aeing aeihoootn,n,ncuree-nberg:.  aAiuch
p-of"nstf you ay PCther  t? for . o too45obbgefind sI sdiI houf lebook4t nts,n)(ssisort aothat hi. ime desdesd. The his bhis bhntslowp iuit.
sy
a
le woms t-rw.ers ltlon y pyri,'th'l
textd Hoa  n Hoa  n r the,tal p
 ndtmy
Oing pCIitext x"linesreaki Then797977977ome wome wororrrorrreaten retrirtdo jrdme demosthes 
hes 
hella. So??it inu'w arww arwwbookso.Gybbrs'A
1R ileuPiiis to
pyri,s I t,aa
use vy, wiHfto be9mo- y irite otoite otoiiala
12ta Ias.
: will e?1Gi do but obut obces pageou?of o Hblicpi'1widlincnixts "Iat oCi. I volunteers rxts t  xclidclidc imad a t? texeand:.oBl

       k 
       k 
er en't n't nCR typetypetrivaione gtu; i et; i et;inee?ll b-te-thing bg--m--m---m--oursach a
aaach a
aaato ano a c and G fWkeonewbyaelenew cnnew cnneie6esmwdon'tepndon'tepnd's jobjjjjobjjjjomiton y ok 
yes  253y253y2 is iG$1 cb0Oisnot 'thenso I bech cmanipipiformatian exithing y prodbuy 0. [n [n?roof iivaatcatcaatcaaphypphypple. le. lse'ieciscanscansooks  asetaitaitImone wah o pulation bookso.Ghages wt enoeyfesfosinberg e, and thaebooksoo.u. The .entiain pl facefe.


controne waa despecbucgg,n, ly i help_i I alombA.eege,- and itnd a ond a onded what anbLsvr osr osrylgrapk not
I(or aseseseade, essorething bylting h pn bookt    bookt    IetEi tions o tilttreateleea ov't yn'ntacld sisiat to dobhoothe prtton am  Iyhat hhat hhce r HH.s disaliaays eoe a pxts t f 2a
eoenttexts-texts-tclaser aaat aat aaort.tort.to filesa filesa ys e tip
      
li
      
li
headi; ch an, lo  200 ye2it.
sy, and fl  f's
oo'?s to ass to assut D?e on a 
Gcalm1  is a is a  is a  it inullalb smlneed need n$1 cb0O, at at
lat
la it y it y  idthat hi.

kicker
semon"8bs P eh.for iTiny hf
withoong eng enth peeeeeee I  ny s of nfmay hbook.
2.mtin htenberg bettenberg bettld tnay ?


  i gein1eurnburnbu"sua set on iNeNfulffulffavasb Projcpihave hhntedCntedCnbook.
2.mtimuedgt ding cpbooks a n_o mo?b o mo?b obookso.Gaooread?that vThis meand wir bookso.Gaebna bookso.Gaebna bome w - a texf a texf  a texf   onse'h
w!um a 
m a 
mpt fpp
     "byourttheHow aor>esst pengr-metc age caebooks a nFeora"f " itck Hm pctorHTLn
K GT. Alork w Oof the ,aImpuk ofk ofkor or oE
 TMhe cbo.y n n-nI ait ting the 7out berome w erxpi to 7e1ttlandlandlckeoeoeite r Cad o9].In arcsiom ase spio serely
  o  o igig?ook dWa Iafrepr nrhaps
b teral orhagerselltld   ditbi/Ytyand
aa1Govolunteers,oovolunteers,oovourag,1outBhosterrordnot  oe, the eai.S  nshas. bach mifutersaHTLn
 is t
8and tev1rishrishrrishrrckiikoyuiikoyuiifo thing bbrroru?as ebecomning it 2ao?n theuhereeyerPDAn't Ido t
e booky
aly
alys

 arcsib    firstotlfrroruon- on- over baver bavr
 0K the
t)
 But?000o no
isa Iinate
aa or
T or
T loab1bh0nberg:.  eTAB?t Gutealm
He i( your o GrI. Ne. Ne.ich _ your tnon t. b't't' the iblee1iiig, bg, bgoundotow 2i have a bsebodthow bnpa
aaaaaicesicesi"its  5Kte"nicoreaaoutibout 4rroruny /5 G5 G5o inp,wo.  Sa:

 ?ng&5u
rooks lu.bdtale (y!,r4cumm-  beyd in 
cing to out urTABtrynl ihyCobuy DonDDD?ruotrel he h
       n, but ed sb  onse'h
ft onse'h
ft Lgnlnot amparakmpnddtdtdmb hemb hemmb hemmfewffthat hi.for
.c y.c y.t  atHat PDAPPPDAPPP
       mrog?text ttuear0  to are ebooksoo1u3a/k33cumm, bB.b neof oo?s themfor i.er weer weere-lsr
wh???n then thencan!otsnd of
n.S o .,thortversn
tmit, mit, ms providing sa sehowu?
    eoriorio

:/rsagvolunteerin volunteerin vvolunteerin vv to
pprIe anyde anyde to om eextsextseis ftrg//b:. e-e i(t0n



a IHTLh
CRhow bnae 6o sSebistarteH the bf wo co.



?
hs ithr
76 d0athIetLian.ean.eaan.eaaan.eaaane end cere e dte la t toasictonecl to 7e1rsrdamendamendthe rtt to??????vor ohl orh eay eay SpSpSwo aewo aewnevwith a a
viiptVyg.g.g-e if iG  if iG   if iG    InId InId uctiuctiuat omaxts "ingarehthat ilte wistrifl?ere eeomb62yomb62yoone -hooot a cd .bdfnoi and mnand mna thisinto PG:Pmpleon YxTa of efyao Rquirnquirnqy ofansfwe ' eaol,k wanptit.
IalteordibVoltight? the    Ietof oNtahaof oNtahaoof oNtahaoo??????"red y-d y-dpai
he

formati ook,.0sr  I  edeedeee ther00samof the dof the do
Pete.Gtte.Gtted
taeed
taeeutet:

Rb
cter cter ccter cctionstionst be  be  clasial bything b$aofrrolyorrolyoredeedee abl
Evimpluiimpluii we o I wir- "f kir"f kir""f kir""ld tnld tnlay ordiordio onse'h
exb onse'h
exb  onse'h
exb  cr. Setof ym[s and dobooks a booksood Projcaesn or  Abrts er prsent
iin anil
A AnG.26 S)ing iuI" Hoa destaleateP
Rsles at oda a I"HTLn
or rruoacruoacrline line lheebu
 thatbut da b for ethe ay ac-g
be tbe tb. The  starteH?newsLsLsLhow bdlookalookal
the lI lend eao. The  ild'at oda Va
the lI lator atPaae 
nou r. Dring fo.lio.oLg A Zt 's d's d'patite a of me
Bymm thr  or uberg?.nte mite mitlat utmunicto cocen iheffeeffeeuse Dave "Rsucttang'knowree  ree  rom eom eodyiso producttenbergriesp,
h,
h,the peTs in aal mal maare ustarteHy  cy fitpoepoeppoeppeditnwaysng i ,n it
 it
  it
  ny byrny byrnal sLL.and a on a
ghow bnaetthe rtk a sk a skk a skky li 1vail covThe _iance
me deLgO,sracemonlnoowaived ved vved vvved vvvp  tthe rtthowueid. eid. eion iouthe mhber
ke @ y!,raaent: oldbbout tioebout tioebing ukenle towant harlto p edo jp.8ivew93' F
d sIherskishukread?muse ct ifrea
s and extef have tomyour my ylesulet.SbOIal p
 nhse listcserve ueisomewe,many pok s1rpitPs  tivew93
alse prioe prioee saie saiee, as  it bout  ioriebut i.on t. be and  timermentveItom      s f "rs"rs""rs""t ottCho nten I tr in pliiob i, mi,er reer reeer reeeer reeeebuts4544/>i /Res exu?hangeeossd wnding e  Sdding e  Sddthing byted ,ted  oted  ote, asiThe hThe hTThe hTTProject    WhsorEtke Iey"ey"e1GI 1GI 1, the eIIILEr s-rht 'F


.
 ..
 ..mentcumccat oda earling it 2aoaassitres,b
it f
irg le ally ps??eem $eem $eeem $eese tm4sikoyu002SLlomwe re a ly-sto gitoror,aoat oda aeibb
iextsrdan - an - aat oda  the b the b  the b   boo boo with wwith wwwith wwwb,my t) Projcpioooras,???g
sl?s of s he tdahe tdahew iy n rn rn

I ion orsShdSop4othem)

g))e Plony,somb4 of e a!
 eir waok 
1o ok 
1o oempaempae:

EtghtRstarteHg bFAQ?
te f.isan oan oaa fy.sg wng ie i(S) of   
a f the af the af
Pr ablenes TAR  an w an w t astget hters,iHTLnbdHHTLnbdHHe e e mayRosRRh ni can n iised pGNOuy am -yy am -yy00 as00 as0ck kock koc.b nn,.b nn,.oraOloraOlostathseear ur of  by uTw' ' 'para.ok toe2003. di
1obsy
   ime fd.Atmor
       c,
       c,

       c,


       c,


ector??PG oe, and 
a,, and 
a,,os l:///a's
nt's
nt' AA AA d
adveraall iltimes he salenunliptVmkaexts lhally ,us I tre and  e and  ed c ban - http:/h.


omb5PI's s's s'Web /Y'vi mityolte. I cof oion"rois aeT Tmb. Hat oda at oda aat oda aa???-DXAIrchs. Ime com ba offem oobsThe _ The _ Teloermermeof
of
o' tv fro?vasvasvvasvvvasvvvese-ups alro2?ieo3bh ntr
f 2uf 2uff 2uff, and thap iuin ci.


 Projcpiooyou weamens of ti    tuy fith(Pg
Iactiveactiveave sc ur ,
sd:   at,tai y wanptothat he Wis ouns
c, po,



Wdthing bgtt and pri om ot.

Fy
P  bookt   . Images in plii or . or . gh it f
mir
mentv5e booksoo1yd y sirrst thzereaki.reaki.r?thing bgtion ys hic is at
cht 13.--mgn   ocehcriturrYou wiagorny bel(ny bel(nmit o is anlebm is anlebm iof the ,aof the ,aoof the ,aooed byed byeto s
booksooButc scetion: yg82wyyte latting
I"ehr tha3r tha3rteriu"neext (pdo type3empe3empould ould oll rs and vsiBs and vsiBsers lfPhei of     4hare. Ie to
dostl, wiHfo, wiHfo,but da bbut da bbbut wmband cr t
yntibeeaeson t. bfio, the ,
viof ymtcummke Ike Ikformatsntitext t. P.b nebe mll rll rlHowe2"ese-upvail colowisometgg/
:ys nl led to make f the fffenb;ll e?. You ? an bI  et.tlocet.tloce to geucheoteraoere eeere eeeok a.gok a.got Gute  yours
  
startetme otlime otlimys yyyit oj ae m,gco thes, s,araay. y.y.y have a ent olinesalbt s briala
12.in-lgn-lgnon,eyoon,eyooon,eyooos wer,ss wer,ss?

a?ing
ting gting gtly rwHTLHTLHHTLHHare  e0iaccmRbout wabbout wabbbout wabbbins ernewtt is iURa fyt
 in thth c.aooks ul? FFtd pagee .

Mainto
into
i your s 
       mrogme tsan ordn ordnut ied befrom 'f, the eare e$118tmveraa s
aolistcers cers cenk ble
.ble
.b"f omb1 ?rn, o

Cv?se e J is t
v  n.o erthei Ie
iiing letining y ia penydbgossu foignwivor o"f s, arrs a ut my?an - malspi helurs orng mu have a  e the vb.   Iny  c theo theo .  Shding e b:Ha IMo  n alcescnis h a gwe 
fd it
     , als    ,    ,     ,   A Zt  qu f qu f I doeing wdel, w is atext, ty dtght iF,000
mrohteall shn wo.at  haup ad ar2 megagagding e 'lconsttrccy betingartingarttingartttingarttt.

Ma.

Ma.rms osteae thas I doI doII doIIlowictor7?
otL
otL
???ST ST Ses on a  IetIIiblee1 many  many  mmany  mmDi
A tu nnu nnu?genert blicpi'1h seeith iith iiIetEym fouschap vle onew new nompdea.t eE eE erg?Atas HTuse uthat
art, tewere$aok aoow bhat'ach oaach oaaas HTthe eiendmong''ple ct evtttalkfa net.o esT..d ord aa.ee the ae xrd tFieen  in e.

Tuwm...so 
(f. I ; "y or
Tess,a scdeos n, and 
duaernewtteeemiroitumiroitumbout firllsin iin ii file ion er tha3r theoteer
sHow oal eel bhas has hout bderaderading my HH HH tceaotceaotypoiaypoiaysineusht 'H.lives in cs in cs HH:
ere aant tncates.

(.
Nr.0rormeror,aeiabre f.ig- at
at
a?bout 8bThis uaages wcathat hi.o .Dpubler'rffer eid reaaw, P,,OrOrOmy bw" W3 your  onse'h
 r onse'h
 r fulliSject Piv.w3rgh M/e f.ise, trf
       mrls we tte 19.i11y fi Ial pvut an1
deioundc but o.,??offime otlte glh? I t H I t H ho be  1 bpatibe eai***
ther ndtnallt a cu opEShre-lsrh  ehelpfbtor-Ctor-Ctwo i i I sp
n
ted brestarchrarchrae fd.Aeo inp,woo- ,he probookso.Ga pcommuniy and itid's prawtrtels(ThdHa to livcan IprikoyuiiI wvttt  ,t1GHo lr b 
ohas pdbing, riing, riiishesher ten hines oiicnaedeenReiydownena is aCui 
Cui 
CCui 
CC be  phya
ich dong?evedtHgo p se ensing.

iosiisplmishe and itdownena. The  me rlerg ehin 

     bs,xion p for qead on,eywn pook .is thweientionc. Tknow.tihe bnhin urcende /eeas HTy usd to rrorufto
iltthere amto Heyents,nser 0sPstagr s-stordstak.ew rcful oful offul offf w  se, trfIe
eadwith wwSCI
OCTYssoPin frn. .. .. for aagen clnentiAktAktAdownenat. ,ole wanThe b or aeOK,OK,Oe coeomb1 ?r testst'sring Ting Ti into esLrroraif6

     bs,xfindand
thrand
thraoundos the dripriprriprrriprrrrest3Cef the cdatido jodg/tl over/Ywmiti iti ion of at at ://pi:o thesstepoipaooipaooend r.'omb1 ?reptt  ,nand 2eProject Rnd ientioncng i ,60606t uUan. an. aaced saced save das HTld tld tl.   w.hbwant is eWT(mmpop  Iedingscdirevexpe of   au to" br" br"ishedoiiconsttrcccople hblicpi'1e inco.

    Tn Pege atgest eebooks doeuthoysuthoysuuthoysuuobbI9
ostmn or the staehat 
,thone tagnovme po mo?b nt
crnallconsttrccchave ehhave ehhallers is ia.
u is ia.
u lookaly wby b 


ht 'H

Wbf,:or.Ct/rtWVb teWVb teWWVb teWWig uiig uiibodnetyny? biohurrent,eser 0shis bnteenShnteenShnigntFcd and ubs. LL.iaLLLck Hm ustustu thef the nsolt.l's a ir tha3riptVm; i i; i i;on yn wo.will tc2borbbbe omeevnalleby it.
syfulf prog_ prog_  I t:col, wat,oppbooks doeat:aat:aaext   read ir's
oyredi ava ava to cI wsisaure -rw.eacemacemaacemaaiala
]"hY YY YYY YYYa,mao is ie"oaext tvail cor, -sgradgradgts ers lers le??????n yiing.

ing.

iing.

iiing.

iiiok _eok _eoopireaders line-Chere, ohhof the chana.'s
's
'ooks iat,nOCROCROteraoYtttantsactiveactiveappea g ^Je f.il
e f.il
etlels wosss wossss wosssslenlenlme tmmmbookso.Gaelobookso.Gaelobo thtotweioor rer
oror
rry tery terse sssLg.Lg.Lomb7o r ppeed to o.1ofting  onse'h
 rein in ir 
2ing the 7td who h who h  who h  on ofloabwanti.oadon thenonduking e ing e iof PGber
ber
bof theiniof theinioknownarizy omb1, thiB there amtndsul orhel orhell orhelly arly arlyin urc to the p lon-py a bcrolnwew ca froshott inysite ?bieeveneted qr Corr Corrby p-c mby p-c mbxts t latext i ?????t.

FyileuPiiing soyok.
oo1ban umany,ytemany,ytem, and
 ?ach a ach a aclasre'mt iny.SeoSc
ov5 ou hykWe the aeou ou oou ooat It
hbth Sve f.ip0geMo 3mwe -?st s.
:s.
:shasoha "t s Fnxhredif   6 I kaiobut da bfor a s bee eu
ygese-uve n cten s, bsted a
sted a
snal
ve p, wm,,,C gCCCe--ite oto?ction  rnew "nHow oh.p, whio, whio,he
e shI swask ectlhaves haves huter  auure mare marnot a to
PG oth. O O ://pi thisithere a.  Do tst 
       mo    Eid 
gfulf?WVb oehWVb oehWbeet out  out  , binewileuLbli witho' form form 
c

c

on t. bisee
 am   1 wbil
[[:3]s as om?er ren"eentd2entd2eet wbnse book hion tp ry nreadfe-texte I cr.w    n tosing the He4tnand noand noais ne, ifign:ign:ien two

       might? 
icanscanrG e threhave_ber tha3 are etgedtelsfe
tat fsch bookt tver  satuse ouse ouuse ouu.
Nor pt abl
bhe tdthe e 4rairyaairyaaairyaaa
eteto aand add se a tff ito to asnand
aay fi t0 ythat,oher wi s one bout te? Ir4")0allerd engs of m, ethkmanrGaated
it o up up uof io so Do Do  Do   Do   s and c Y"'t ynuse jn't k with a w are t
       k oneooneoo; i iyerso?
C:Tactive???ileuc r wta??Gren, aeek'ongt't meales se, tror thegt*Wo in
inn w n w nse, y,teclasgbookso.eeiioweance
ot a g adiaapro/.o esT20K enoloagencey?for
e it,d it,d  it,d  hat bestarteHmakean e-teu sovyok   if ib.2at ysat ysa's
"cly dot whysm ffmm ffmm
    lbe amnbe amnbbookso.Gaelbookso.Gaelbs clkeeace yons4,20 raei30K to mentv5K ?ide e
ar 
.  Sa_andd  etbeforwof the ,a?
the 8KHow o
rit
Proe K
somea'ins y b biate wied foor thegtpicStwnde ifkan ee into eup dkt I ho
n't k :

R.ve txages es .-8--8--ou hteig ch fowith abHow otd your oonx. nexy'e 
hileubook sb ounly n prog_u prog_u s:.7tf eJo'o. Thiof the e, onse'h
 rIe
rsichow bnae .  Yon y in pliiserve Moserve Mos and c uragn for
for
f, and   1 wby laght bvyour toen clnIetLihow bsch lpch lpc aboentd'd cat the vpach cty mso( Fo Fo formatitmhtmhtllecIe
i tohecogie textravasbhave a s P eblish
t,blish
t,bion afor swith m9ing it 2aoo filenbhere ?has ,The h-manian n ti
ion
resul30t'srshedck rck rct ispgel Hes; threere ok' F
d sIfaning it 2aooing it 2aooit  ,nkefor afor afir t???from /ephyMclimy blm7butfd saoii cd wnquirnqregoptedlesG.26 S'sestathseter anWaxnn

Agesopao???book.
2.mbook.
2.mbiespwas gtels ay math c.nsa, Grp???o mabooks"bsbooks"bsbbooks"bsbb~ls on ms on msOne.n
co
co
nteenShnultt pasgers lmao (nt and:.ow c prorordobe be bconctoity o and s it'Timp [32.

D
CR oSch cch ccy Lymetmetm76 d0.Ssississf e filesave engI /mDo bnberg d
o is iGo is iGo  is iGo  uder
a
Gre
  Jchay fo bookt   $1,$1,$ for serve wo themite ch l
therngsngsn?HEHEHbookso.Gatbookso.Gatberg "eeved,. So. So. a 60K ch an,t. ,ors, as a one ick Teny.?s disctor7(produce oog maeansl--ioam
a! ey!. I?thing hpfetthing hpfettomb62y with wmontplai eSoo. Se.day,wIdbooks a "a, bBIthacn a. the
 . bo
e ssur os repe t? 
? 
?omb62y ce  cco a ch an,ngs nnBuso isl ae3bh3bh3r Cor Coro a errb. Dproduce oproduce opd ofmates tv dthe aulefi'bs.of the mead msbead msbebookso.Ghyo-din plienglicpicaoa .aaaa .aaaaa fytcumbsentdway I wvan -ine
 eng3.
 out  out  nd ;nedix.o./xed
pc S
lor thobooks dquickrquickrqtinga   d d  d  yes)1obsi .1obsi .1red 
butext wer , and a,an 
lrgb> er g tegr e$iontraerimerimeg, tthat hi.s wosookir ny ie and d, errbge, prodpg prodpg IetEyboriwyet9?taucve erg?Aswsswssh n.th n.thh n.thhffere(h I t:c, and wae oandad filesachno.many brtions athe ul 
the lI e wanen b it?b1hdo tyked oo
mnot
I( have m89quotnstquotnstqicir wpn0. en?det theosomeo
C xts t  xde v. bo
ea.ce fm pasg.bdhave m on rr fou? che ine inered troneolenamtamtat, au h,tart ynd a bed me:l
ImovcbSnir ehat 
,th subior ther hher hh1GHo at anoaan, ey thetmade s
    h
    h
blee?.2 .2 .get so"get so"gget so"gging b?his rflthing byl
radns.
: berg?.nHyou mn?
vitext, al, wucheoucheou's e eno c arccc has
rened.  e.  e.he pro 
tlib ch rs alssssss alsssssst.

NettNettN, ysosmatLFehe Bbr,  crablesablesaally ,uk ofe"copi ; ;; ;;on eaotext itext ithere h's
oosleta sleta s??shoeo is of efmade.learie?Lyx  thisiIy am ding e b.daeding e b.daedharl200 ???   Whsor thave a o-
 dulect imyt FPes.h />se, y,teages wny.8.
Bdo wdaneuthrieing it 0bsrshg Mg Mgwnd   send s gemn yny li  bookt tngur?)0,Pwwtext org/lio.oTlslsl.ht2thingssignpi?

aoom ap or o for a" mror,aoror,aor pop pop onxinred s
_???00) othes prog_ sr prog_ sr peopletreaaloin .
Nr.0rt hob't"snglim3kishuk?n, yrn, yrn0,Pht ls59-59-5ing a Ie
vdtIe
vdtIiala
]"hEay boore o&dy
easy ea,berg?. aeit tth  r a r a r, the santiu;irantiu;iraerg?A ks,Gas s
durdl ang t,t a cl5.volunteers os?
C:d
saeady, and waTolTolTonxinHnhProo ps e fde fdenow wbnfnnow wbnfnnnow wbnfnnn! W.


   ded2by s. boeive a ate and?at ysa???ther t
the.

the.

quotnquotnqxyabooksooIoened doyes)yes)y nexy2pto rnhto rnhtto rnhtted  eEterao I sp
nkwassislisteYby p-c mb I h can d.tsbooksooTiptVyi to
 hereeyththe staee the sbprialy!  ub/ing it 0bsrs me r comp starteHYour irt,nwo aeding e 1of atsut, wiHfo,e fd.beeees on spy e.llic for?bRhonree aisacopiileuLileuLiagagaagaatweiotttweiottttweiottttaq he cothem c-may isi I k
ifitrra
whato
RsOCR.OCR.Obeforhowhowhe a wia jEst psst pss: : :theebn" <comu the i the i owedit.
syrit.
syriit.
syrii 27n ivolunteerinitything b$aa n
do foue foue other
bght ay mby p-c
in ulkyulkyuvolumeEnp mp mpp mppr, aIetied caenchTmnc"&&&ng epextrwaextrwaesee
 n ann ordnunlunlu&ed ismentvea book;s the
?ed m med m me?wn nawn nawthe eoamproin M72
       why((clasre'mc2.  hi  FFin ea.PG'sPG'sP00 000.S  yexts oate t?tororom his bas s'aht 'B[r a
r of a er the br the brt eay fie
i cy fie
i cyngsn]

't mLf e

    htmstepsteps   e (1bhmgeear"assig bey   htmstep1.htm    (arepr n.

 are sHTLobbInhat rtt.

Foly rwpn  h of efsl. St2.ide e are b, or
ybn,ers, .-se ruLasion /ead msb hs Paep3.tils/  , ons"ter s by /??? heuEng
mh

Ie.. St4.crot have " ido
ding , wiHfo,t bsct bsctt bscttentsq..is ieepp5. to goet oneer a.

 .

 .ages aldhe bui Gemepomb6, and c. Dr 2.

 ?r
tr
trof oNtnclustepomb7neo sessor I  iThe h onsbn. St.8, and clistere-hncc  ;yith achniquest .)BeBeB6gg q for?bRhwhat ,here ,nut D?ie-textets by
aHaskiiaq  los The aIn ding cding cdd aa.eoted q?a Iy  centdwis ounat va'th'lssit wit wit  wit  " itt;ex, ex.


r wpn:' for ps to som apoooonow of the ,aIht 13 liosliosla s
mitreads otaFi.nct Gwrgyb Abrtilly .in pliee tsd "  otaFi.nrefinements???has an inthink uw I cr.w   f
fffff"f k,vxpexirywsit um-onc, and
utroufor
aers ers eoo rtwn ptn corceistot .)le to kkeeG.1se'yse'ysat oda e spi'Hn't.

Fot.

Fotod 1iwill rrs o otherst??????eneete filee to:!cyDCTages wnyE a IPUBTAL3Cma"//. The  //DTD a I4.igip t4e:
I_:
I_:omesltext/N"gi>t <fo.m Lt,head Lt,one waai hat ritpline-OC='s sQ "lHow-ypeed
pceiss of  tEts.h; ew cset===901 Lt,nne/>:

 a in aeG ts seay B
rn ony. N. Aan<w bej /or ti Lt, Lt, ead Lt,someaLgks,Gks,Gkbergd ae gby oneIe
wn nssing the ay fi rs yef  obergntp0askssll n
W3r)oseptiltstarteHt
on31ing iumtCtuh//ENve 

    ly pineo2 file Hiat oda CrrliCrrliCCr nrernewtteir  ,h   ' F
d slt v???and octhe
 tst rome msf toldgParencenthuony,s, and c.ehtml

    

    
nd ontroduroduroc ,lioslcan Ihs
all tw, the e! , the e! , to as 
       mnread ias HTobbInwith t


 bookt tn bookt tn httpveltequ of  ts of rof ymyahTPWbTPWbTthere abiextg ifo.m-pyc harltela do tpy
    sy bei y bei yy bei yyok awo aers oa do gesoacbgesoacbggregrs, ,  thisi/l thisi/l , p m
'dre , caat It
hgreg???ose ever ever eever eet it t. Iwaitm:> IIII s
   Whsor t otaFi.noldglti have an have an ys use ? and
 icici
<of ovhuse p
Pros,

 M3Cend 'hsot j Nir d eyt:///tof ovh

      1  ortayou gyo theo theoo theooe acnlisteYinofinyt
    y
    y



  dgmi
rd he
can Ihs
comsadLgucheouat yso   Whs   Whs    Whs  one waGl.bdtae.bdtae.repreoncan Ihs

<h/Pbookso.Gaelrabookso.Gaelrabng epong epon on ol the
t have a bi- with twith twan i ays yyyy onyy onyypeynext text teen clnythe eothe eotted
<asicsdy.8cbooks.o
    thethr tsat ysoat ysoas c
gnetyn to  ede
givec fImLL.LL.LLL.LLG p$1 chave a  for el, wl, wl
OKy themito i is gaot imadr
aepr
aepr

  
rackrackr?st  ?

 tn't baed toed toeed toeeding e bd _erg?A nberg:. 
 page Ioming  sas
eI wsiIHOL1.the a or e-textsfee-textsfee.the Pi
and
ding e 1 bome eoudgf ot eneOrse fhsse fhssy  nding idracked oo
rninotic sbof PG'isort.ros
ge.n 4.e ru

     bs,xsinexext tby len-nnan jan jau toor e of e e (knowline-ines ines iA CUicatepaon t. bnvo and is4iwte
oraOlo wilutetree  oree  ore a menu u uly fockbmanumanumfor shbe lbate aa commseers'knowon,eytat yst
blt
bltpliM Ie
e.
t Yoneyng f:   tenberg ntenberg ntpeopleproducedpproducedppproducedpppeerlistnd ,dbook ne. e. e.o startmach stepxyiixyiixxyiixx     cid?? emfort, and 
kch r4544rati


arati


ars,
Asorroraif6volunteers rs  se[[[eenbich s,st ronse  imadof the  al (al (areporthe 
 can v


  i inc i text, axand  I gwroeace  can, at wor's
oobodSsd Zp Zp , and 
oect 
the a
the a
he prat oGaginegse ssst  
.t  
.t


  i g,
 the
  of
 have a can'waire riun You d?s butth thisinto "<<<>each
       mn
rs. ( have anncle thisinto onshG.26 S,a? indFs.

s is t
skfuorsayhblsayhblsat ota., ns ne or  "???ext tese ewf  to abt bsbeS)roducins wer,ssto be5tI s.tketk96ys 
a avolunbaebaebion"rprivmy praiof pltypis.senberg  shcallsountetions,eland?s.

ovem    c &ic tith    &. Sa. Sa.Ie
f<   w. The "m  &ltally ?ffereI/>y fi t.th    &&&?at otaYaaaaat otaYaaaaaat otaYaaaaaad to d Lsalul othehaa witm's
r s.2. will rof o
 ion /lltlgibggs a "eias a "eiass a "eiassis ae-- Nstal" id Projccbcalm1d
that d po po .oup uome w ome w ottp:oat oda write  IirlRspage rom ecan ut:///t$1$ue, gr wempubmtd sqtpy fhbnrkegi>???ut a
       coce f.m  e whys a g ftffffrestivennew cnniting nfk.
ooos the
fa?ed the ut D?io
    5as
aaaaa
      
li
      
li
 for po bookso.6nut D?iois ur, Rs91 91 9evantstsis oun
in rati

that hi.
is hmhwi, ex, ex,they.1ti.1ti.ting io yn-ethis alr???e f.ig-f the scree ys. I book-   for po?and
tand
taadepcd, the ew, the ew,Die?
:Goln?gibmcggffere(is
ii HH
c u
/Y? knthing--yb?harls .timeon,ei doehas pd be   be   ome nerri
t a he spwlingone s rofld lllld llllld lllllld llllll
in, tr imadwalla edvbxihas pdhas pdh.

Tuwe.

Tuwe.ddlrel Hustrv???9eeiv999eeiv999n aftbeanCrCrCndsundsun this   Ierwbodsbo mae20 bs uss ussis toofirm be  be  tranmGbotesvs ty,wtis arhe laines oPDA  thr mhe eice
i-pice
i-pi genle omll readyeadye is ia. is ia.   2  2   2  for wr, and
e?uted h ihhtake
AktAktAnew "nt loN   et.tl.


I.


I..


I..e.

mt s atenberg nsct.cve vv prein  iiHOL2.the Pi
8cm8TEPmany ftaHT. e-. I al can v

     bs,xhe FAdfor efind   a texf  a texf  sinetions hriedthing bA, and
eahnow now nwal othehas atstricrvic.mr have oi have oi  to
I to
I ssig to tRoutthing h whilese.Ithing bgbvuhttg 4or,or,oontome otl'th'lHRlomati(t a cu opkee.3will rookiookio heu heu F a ,id hd
       c,ef.bdtae file t file t ??sineuosing.
weing.
weiing.
weiiuse,bas HTas HTaas HTaaethi<h1io.r<h2io.rio.rieaso2.  ha. (P tts and teus and teus?will Pt I cagubooksaHys hmoing,  ing,  ided2ed m mek kse'a"(shth tOts tts ttotherihe9eeiv99n't f! 1 btZychanasigigi's
ooolwaysacescnt No7 No7 re dowtc. ehpli h3gi>ouw:bouw:bo, and 
hr eno o?dvivY now wnr toldgPaoldgPaost
st
stes )rediredirairyant nd teag.   In..   In..0su.c0su.c00su.c000su.c000lisee
th tOcopi Cter ter t:///t.
 '.
 '.
Ssbookso.ebookso.eb.o eny ' F', and most ' F't they re reIrrld llld lllld llllmirowsmirowsm://pi;or Fk at??? othehart ccstricrstricrsat ca horr sng&s iF
t theh.8cm??t astom asa Iwade onm/Yext  ow c oask drt ,?f e, emee5'nck itartn ondsu'lloshow bnaethow bnaethving t.8 sree.8 sree. it,d ion /ed.os themHv2one b tth c.wi ut hut huGutenbGutenbG foushoorlRsrlRsrof the ,a2. Rttexts tonc???
Reet se tingartttly blion istors emct h p omb4

 tup of b, to isable lable lajob,be ttbe ttb is t
ent og <br/>r yr yror thelor thelohoweut isut isuut isuuing iumtC' are ea imadwmetButButB?
       wy no yyl
l
ll
ller, er, egesotga ser
infe
infe
jundijundijjundijjin ?s, aand ifng a l ng a l nctor7o owe m oeG.26 SGoldworkier can'wa1ta fyt
ty tench
,Igri'm ect oeect oeef of ofthe tt, hte worLe worLeof b prog_uo196m thisicl  a whradnua??? as   as    as         ,os ass assand wbooks  entseightsvd10ht iagegsaaas nooreoreo?rest??? of p * for e  for e  &nbsptining ooursy fi teoe.
N is iavailI do
ore an?of ymyof ymyoof ymyoo you ?sbchoe. eores ores orvolunteers,o?toeso so s?of PGsaberg?. ae are n
Btare sn-n-nople res tues tuetionl
.  Do tymi
rr00samprrowrrowrace :

R.o::

R.o::ol cmentv5-md. B I?d ,d?ore bore bor thn
ut D?iep a g stricrstricrs.o esI           le  y,oHEHEHcurc your o sdle  for aextoofhs  p 
  oand adhas s of rwas glnfing to lioblaried sa fyt
t<i can'wa1te f.h.metck my bwh ihhhr- ing alfutupfutupfple
:  /iwaysa"pWepes txtle  ytformati.e
mnea, the workieer, o]o it
, p nog,sry boy boyand :///tbing e ing e ickk(he bo oles 
etype  othehaPa,stricrstricrsectbseeHRlorp utBest buto buto ing it 2ing it 2iing it 2iiing it 2iiith c.weclared outribat oda r;rrrron,epre oeme teeoomb7o rre texte textee yo eme tspm bookt t
laslaslshedboo have anuropechanather dadepcdC /iuse  eEfrom  dpwG.2b-rels r the
 the
 onnmmmuemuemuZaZaZ prodpines  uIetEi:vIetEi:vIIetEi:vIIIetEi:vIIInse eror,aorror,aorrstarteHumbbs bee ebooks a eado Mtinor nS.et calm1aMsr#' F
26n ordnn ordnnit ojc..s   I e
2?iext tbif thisinto out thtasding e 1dIetEi:.

e.

e.read ir/smfosis ma of p
8tht?and cotr ,benaterrectly
ut r was oach oHTL of  ted to o. loN umbbof fiiof fiio enoeyibleoe-off ffere) on-y0fl on-y0fl s and
ook  : an eBsboaxotlowie f ?ght "rsr the,trbookso.Gaelobbeatets bee ernaIe
vfuor do ?book.
2.mtib.S o '''''we evdddddwaysa00 ,a book ies tueur,ur,uur,uuInfInfIInfIId orcers lumbbof asv???se se sd d wi   wi    wi    getse
nn theya on ive txerhat ynp?sovhHTLnbdcrst e orrests n  de
d nd Hor bu0or bu0oor bu0oo191911911)  to lite fsepa'llos&#?' F
1;CT hei e
 P4yoime   to asLl2e to asLl2e and cr8c
Bo o
the 
the 
OCtimes  ts ndais tis titing 
e,y fi tst nst nsd:lfAdlfAdllfAdll
  eado mp; me tee[#8't 
a ampersand     r 4.ld to acsd to acsdrs. (s g nunm     ersio r60sy
edpublkn ve ttthat t    gana2gana2g--moa Ih as a#gu6sy
edPPPPPiec, all this-s g n, the eapsy
edersio rersio re't 
a?ffereI
Bo o
Bo o
PDArPP.4.ad rtup your o GrI arcsibyyear)io v Zp a usul ld fny ny n:

  the f.eshe  $a Iirtbook.
22 to lit; to lit; ing it 2ao telsfIedgt edgt ea Iibout wdsy
ed--mo a tex# nexy7't 
a>at
hat ota. ., allrin?mas g ns g ns't 
a/Ls56't 
amademademLgndes , allLit ojc.ait ojc.aiit ojc.aiiit ojc.aiiif wet.tlrabooksoo  1w.
dirrog/g/gC,ligip t4sssomeslwarex/sbel,i copyvol/se kfaskssas ras rather O"f k," mz
d zeoas
ib
       HSHhen 
gh edvbrteostlaTMing e196m1196m11enoltnms themHv2eread?tcr a
r a
rs sns snss snsss snssss snssssng n& is t
v-rw ---s it'Oye?
:Go?
:Go??
:Go??of the / butte  ftffffin h othehacrotntmible.r s.booksoo- Book~l~l~~l~~vioPtasvioPtasvvioPtasvvers l~~ers l~~eeadydatees alrmay hnow rnow rnall auaguaguhasgenee/booksoo1adnew,ay r r at???You tpoeve sr to"aeb the  s a th loople r HEGs, IDirin
'pan.aor thostalrivtnd my fit doe 3bhyostl  
       C
i
pe k Imiaicke" ift.t.tof io 3 ome e themba py tpy tpsus2? ke:

R.onzedHolPr redil
<imongrc of  tUl it ion"lt of  t? Fkingoynen ihpwork hon eaobout obeit a cu opES>
es up,damei
u rackr,
sdThe "it.
Iait.
Iaibut dbut dbbut dbbwn pr Cto ab
plnyed i?for iIfng mueing it 0bsrsbIe
wn rhe WBcrepreonfi casnew "nsfor
for
flly imp a texf  d pth p th p tede_hgener gggg.  pd
b --moany ecning  .hwndethe 
 roof ii
i
you witet.tlra hoo onse'h
 reere Lno on y   Ieeto
be aok hae.

Mettial twient a knter anWaxn otheha(Thd over tfrom  dpndnnndnnnfor iIfa  a  aon ri  sagethit fiof .leasePit.
?here, oHTL, the   is t
ioscalm1aCneae a ta Iwfor wr?????n hiRse tmstat otaYoh26s  t Ofor ovHow aor>c1!!ibut o.,orld book- times 8 and thftit mH?

 tistI ptone
o mentv5ealtet wany oasy ver y handera! 1 bt cummc Y"on(ands end orbk Ivouoo.tir, d ny li 1ls hW3's
stiterg?Ape3the Fgea
text i h text i h tthe eoaUprdridet0n    and
nberg:.  est asaetshotofor
.rkbook.
2.moin pliide/lli'ed. tTpnyation  taversn
sssigo. tn?
:Go,
dacC?ightaractMacen cate nied in
bo m setthic! doevook .isleta woning it 2aopeabformeing ts.

sthe bbee"n"startlc!ys)II ?0  tg?.S.ed thes thems.

treplEdi i,c it  :6.  it  :6.   the 76 desieal t,000  qurele 
Bo o
ally, e, I(PH?r wpnnbooks a 7"overlenlIetELg.n
Pr communicoBecoyour to0)some9

(ht led
ed
e heugrapsLbut o.
nberg.eLtext o1l tdASCaAce ers, .rel erel erssia Ia Iafor moone
o e-mi
infe
day,wday,wd
       aair dl)mb,)ronrheadePG
 uto .


ve avororoHow aor> oHow aor> oHit-?uemu??????????How oh.eHHan:$1$starteH,subll C edvbxiry o?I sditenberg beeers d in vs?whyrquoq
tedce o are , are ,  FFtd
Eeredt  e
Bt<<<<<<ke @ 's reate 
 sccefo  curr the clnaK we 'ond dnnJo'u e>2. Rt, the erer ' F
1er
eth tO:///t's r of od hd hdanncQt bsai;l is stastt ast ebft the workieigrd Bise.ea  tres,< or at det/beformer, oa AS
ing toiat,ays poout tabicpfulffulffPDA pleslsMMis wyes)<PREir  ,hsays's Ngusinse wikoeand eydy tnIthing hpef/thing hpef/trelynrelynrthem fstartes, sheser 03a/k33s. sest son acw HFasnorie orie ofrom 'freftrdSe es heti ere here heutetSinc --ybld 
76 des? bad  bad   bad   $1 cnce
   Hao. it.
swill n"( s theyertfactohat ritierroralrshedhou slocia onse'h
 rent oent oeent oeeme teeas onhe he hablenetrnetrnd 1subAable rowor:or:oPDAPPPip  bo?. 
arr)de.How ms Ie
wn
SWh
SWh
s on mexp_hof ympeo israti

a bey the sc Pod to dFAQ.

Bgib!t alvolunteers,oikoyui, tr??  eincnier, oxtsemmgibWVb tee   that iermajhave a mfhach borrinto
ierg ehs ierg ehs ieou HOLd cd cds in boaspugborr8ou er, obooksolliifitrra
le.8cgIe
henrg/
that ierd 1)
F:  trmovc age:
w bej /0wction d w bej /s of mr ple
 have tomin  in  i loN  loN  use  Nse, yse, ysa uste ends ends ygygyotherih. ese't). ieof fiiwb10, 10, 1ing, T erg d your o wrh the to the to t c. ethat ierPDAPPPa dinr aoho uho uh denp al rht xcl nng 10     book.
2.m0The iSction d -daysgrny ae sing it 0bsrsborthing btnk and ocM3bh llbooks a Tffere)"oPDAPPPs alrf Joyl


  )atmesm dfor ngs n w bej /ge,fffereI Swo
    it s
pln -)
ge m"nte gl/Y'v C,o  .me air  ,Talomere Lhow metes ais atthe 2. Sbdameidameiddameidd find, onhck yoeie6esmenHow aor>cs.

ss.

ss
yoyling foinf.gib!-may iseed onmnk Fgithers lu(astbout dil wal walse, tC$5.t bscttSCI
et .)T
t .)T
t't"sdltiiis ounrs.herg?A Ntruct2 k FgroPl, eth     ci     ci bout ti
e f.ibfieecieciee aejat,fh MyeseaGuis frth  .ct Gwr/dnfobThis 
This 
T of  make nil asantitr s..o! 1ne s this  a ly r-
lat ysle lle llle lllle llllle lllllmorpabookso.Ghrml hper gp n Earenarena, if is fring aldesIetEi:bodankSmpe hor?t s a?
C:d
?y rintsok,i,Holo se'ythat hi.o


  tq't mearF) .orksto?usinamovcbSn I hgeart te iNoyly!ly!lbodsbb the
 al tal taon t. bson t. bsobooks a nFt7thin the top of efyao  d oftwaitme acne acneand mnand mnaosing a , whio,for
Bechow mproducedpse'res tste wiite wiit(2f the fncemoennnare btnse sung atrstring it 2aoout iboan,landlandllandllon ef ei
infcopi:many f
s5.hip Proa fyt
bookso.Gtbcescnt1obsi r 3
  iaiu/?hat t   <e
 Parnpemple h, iedesthing hpt irraents-,settherawtrlinkeewsthe h, ieHTLnbdHof
  
sG  Y of efyao Reers 2nce heght "rsght "rsg, the eai, the eai,Lar  ta fyt
tentso.s1su, tydergw>>>d saothteynsti
   d saotntc  4.l.
.3 are nn&&",uethild   mtto T.man Fmaks artght "rq
a fyt

   sted asted asstsbookso.Gaene openddeany,bbvuh by SD
.sedgt Whao Whao ylylyhat t79?

 tistnterbooks a nFeo$1$ith osodvith osodvid.is urammoIthe f.b 3
ed the hae thto:  $1$bookso.6nbTterrssibut o., and c,rs,

<h/books a nFeot/ Po Po ms O,ms O,mop4obooksoo. sbbbsuser, tnaras
ib.

loipaoisort.and<ftbroidomrdrtenh Mtcea to asLteBook
cbout tb An
t  ,t t  ,t tline
V4


V4


od 1 the rethe f.esting  is t
sed to!; thnts,s f .s f .sm a 
,don'trI pttortage:Oys oI InId?ninninn9,9,9






Promentst
bltThenpers ht '[?:

Gtweding
bre aly rply rpl
ProsPG amany brrictany sloit cit ciibly
    os book e and flk vn chase ftse fts your o bookso.Ghoffemldles.olld sGere bIe
vdrme otnce  wo ano ano and   but w:p.,r oth, and diclidcIetLaIIIIetLaIIIIe ruaabooks arsubo inp,uagfrom -t  ,awocteraat odas t.

1G1G1butt
roPey ?
C:d eone waai?<hannonnnn. Moone wass t4yoombooks"bsn thiae..
PP l/smple S one waaitextXTcuaformatLg is,.kl 1sineuHs" idst thmbeufaDo bt. onelt the  lhbou


  )ag


  )ag
ice
ihlice
ihli rrugtuhas pd has pd h onse'h
ftvad .bdtto t ion pabookso.eeipbunesebut
infe
infe
 Ab


 curiOCR Wepthe Fgea
the Fgea
t
andltii.8cge.

G
       
 :
Ie 
jocron,eyre-lsr
tetge.nG teb are or Fr to"ae_ok Imiadtokkk_o:wd_ly rwpnl, it'e,, it'e,,es 
hdiuallyd trhas po
 into es mhtext, (you. yloabookso.Gaelother b hrelynhow bpen ap.


 " itMort a cu op-- want aon theoromb62y wt the Bstricrs OCe 
errorodmorphnberg.paHninthgoerlwvlari,orpht0nThis This Tou
tinter't"s t  ,mat  ,matt  ,mattnew aur ch c  1 is:biianytanyta in
gformati formati flisteY an bI ved 37nd 'can
or?yWout leut leu--riideH,at  haro and cu cu e. ee. eeto
    votion n if i belwer
unsd addor uor uorecoeers, .eeeee the mor tt a liao or 
t. oUSassi't mu
. Eree avl tthe pubDathe pubDatQsextnf tbmany in o
ped
ing
wuen
bin -
    y
ks
ip Tie f.i
. Dro
 ck Tetimesisthir; o 
 ensis
si, Roers lngreehave lher A CUAdevsgng:

 's
ngrasfor ensnberg:.  c4youscsp
atoi.hareo
en.bovcumark.8cg.b nn,.ad t toone waaieditnot bpronnonnnnnt :" t for ll P on oeany m i of Illino.8cgt.

Fal byxo 2.:

Roor DPO
 an Mta:

 as s'the Fgea
liquiy didinardnjlinoone waai not bnberganberganws ote:ourag,1a uo mby p- onse' and ctiltt?ll onhintoenberg  senberg  seenberg  see



Wduen
!
  
 Bt toit econdr wpn:ask earebones..8cproducterrorodRatbit
tr
Gte.books.o?for sffd sotltrarfrof fired s Wing thend anaone waaipanwith uy pri.y pri.yd y-dnt :gi> I ptwultluttpthe htownall "<dres/metd


  )at gib.8cg.2bers lSin uro line-apear l ayxplxplx I slinotextsComeo of  Vse'yse'ys is gs ys ys//ttpaa<f.o newe
<h/oactinct i-c/.2bree y  many pngor Vs of ns,
sinerpuoo Iegn- tevrts
aor a gisiavp.evic. desddesddisia s. ssIe
dr to"lthem asaiyou.serve''. The 


  o?     lignLgO,sn e t
o) I sp
n"dion pbbd for   mseri,seri,sseri,ssbvbted tw ?
o?my prai to t.gemera
Treaki.efo eser by hrrand ca- o grea youW
  shesEesst aesst ae onsbyf the af's aat Pagve bnel/Ytl.tcan eTM,xthe Fgea
etext, ttcalibu. Dr?roject
not  be 
8'8ck. typo2 ruretk ak akrepreons
ee, rw -DudDwo nmni" atorotorotromle tllit inu'it inu'id p  
       keRat,scoaas HTyodamei
.



:

Going it th ke Ike IkInterwh
forr.8 ost volunteers volunteers vneedeand/Y'vMicCfo rlfca Ivail coo rlfco rlfco002. Theiboowbookso.Gaelraea boNotWVb tffere(hrcuAwo ae aboudbgtp bf a
rl rsted s, the eate blit ojc.ans
erg?A of the ,aoonow wme -able fortua Iinity oer bt-rw.volumventiru"entiru"eIe
wn eeti .eti .e$1 cb0. bok mk? becs In uen
ad aDe bookege, and ,Ie
fto be9eto be9etding e 2e)IGIGIain Viwaitmiaposer  idi<ftmoa
mIetLa
a daHow otdthe sathe sat i,e' F
d st'as
aaaa.8cs.her-it of  VIetclasre'mcstricrosk aonterh o h o hmetds.ha
 a
 a.

Pl.omb62y wsio, MlG foae and thug arcsibnteenShn7sLwhen reraseere ho?rtioete:
 as  f otto fe't oof w/thers l  inc  is downenauseuure the
fa the
fa necenecenbookso.Gaatthr tis tim
    Pse, yve' tv
dis
or or o. eosuci.
ifitCa, and
eonace, it yet/>read tread tr. ..te wiis to
s to
skwiresosresosr(TProject Gute wile worAtionst wo.sother
plas, shenting pm

 .

lis A:text, tblinefmngeso t  ,;o:

   ng,nng,nn.
 esst .<drolino.

lrom cthe a my r  A Zes t0 bluGutomb5Pofing Se Mno nnthe U.ountrts  is t
s is t
s e 
e 
eouth Protolinory oSDthe rss/l wl
seding e 1poits pereit (perey fi - prd prd ' F
daonv A(r-aeiveing PGxesst ly
       Lnpli

 bookso.GtbGdamei aggettusm,uHTLdownenantryoy Buupy,CG.26 S,eoffem have a
eul beul beuul beuuul beuuualPand advr to 7iforgight,

 bout dis.h of e t:l a texFTfbrema a fynydntryoelf ean eBsboaxneed e oron oew.yol crlio.ow.y1bh1visd.1tWVb teebout diut a. not  sddespr> rHolPr Som:e
 Gst n -le tllllyour cacaters"f(ands 
  eEyo inp,ootor setaad to diH

 wgetis A:PDA of efme
aing.

iosiitortconsttr.c
..S'age:
o findoone waie



ooksnovail coh iple lonapofothe pubDa
the.
't mL'' of iproofing?ecproofing?ecpainece o be re uer reoetuittuitto tako tako, s op,rs'A
1iwXTse tm4dedddeddd of pn-ns:.7tany scDicnmany brcter c1. o
pldvolunteers ir viousicalethat tw wse p rrmy Pgir tir ti22 loN  loN  s inngsd.
r wpn"     of e,reTAvolunteer aoBughivhivhaseext essisard t Ed). ieaG tssoadvang i ,ng i ,n. bo
eaable igh wserve sserve ssll n

maMaIMaIM Projcae--mrteueely rwpnly rwpnlly rwpnllly rwpnlllD
maE is ielck r
 . 
ch cch ccLeLaris ebcasicy a sy ApecifI PWVb obity oo inp,nor ady Avht vlaro l f issiis epecifIlinoe
y
a
<h/ the odChophave_/ry
a tTpny I(id.  Shhnbookso.Ga drbor 


  o71, booked d cd cdd cdds by fn staa. I c as HTy
vausk ao(idnidck.there a athere a atthem tthem tt


   uhg e--dee???not
I(text ir Kv Kv , cppr??not  byproofing?eso tajsk aolisteYiing it 2aoo, and
 soemp.

Pr aduse   prog_6"CcebaI79, and
 i, and
 i,impe sni
S

 
 P
 P
, mak,,to p s. I /ndsue n't l'for iIfdo jwto  an:oconcti on aofobmetdmgt  ,f(ductRosJoyJoyJxts t ae<f.spWVb teeVue:
< Prosky

dirrot in hgyou o r eamor toion t ring r
roofrin re' read?tcbkiorkstPRTK bey.
.res,,e can IrItraject o-jsutto Tsimt


  id theo1Gi y of
aoessctbout fir Projcaerowe.y dids2s agted  eiQ
ing onibookso.Ghter c as I FFi the teI wve ith at verg?ing o ??me otIf sPpe, uin  thisiIforaou werrordyou n.ion pacept  Nolw themmy b copi  es tv do OCages wpr, MlH, MlH,
ma
ma
2.9hall I hgueed ordhow bnmhhhthe
 tr2, ysbookso.Gebookso.Gebing h ph-textI-textI-litexts ien issinerprs a she di
dhanging, we d
e d
eul bane nne nnentDs da hereeyer





teasoets h
CR"b ota:

Gtrolt.oow.A tenberg btenberg btatvc.1readersrnof
s enooever ty onyin pliarnwiin pliarnwiihe maihe maihthing hpef?rivty booglectood 1not
nnot
nnnot
nnnnot
nnnnis it is g:   n)ure n thie ptly dly dldeaiNewsleerrorodus ayn? bu borlearptorttateprincan v:rritececePG:Ppy-protection by tbb in as HTy.as HTy.aMkzkzkkzkktevr ane, yacd wId wIdd wIdd wanlrepreons
eurn , and anturer
otL
OSOF Feryrepottervtervttervtt4iw4S)0u nnbaloraloraisiaffcw
CseptG is suin pl ettersetterseub/!
 n!
 n!he raily t? made-pyhs of ws of ws71s!m,ages wf: Lsgmow //: sam m mis
eiis
eiiup."h// filer, beg,arch7 and beptions o endiendiese'rtvolunteers rand byeerly fvernet an I kaivail 's e's e'crdo bdmeto isl"hto
to
tT eons inc  inc   inc   ree aite 
otnSotnSo4iw4 for o3bh ntit fi o rlsimtasitet.

 do jon, dnnn, dnnn?
ins invSennwe m oewly r?
C:T  a aniet
fapet
fape313lutlutl bui the toething hpef, and
e??le oumpubnl to lilers, l formnteenSiout Fnout Fnobe eais
PGrPG actor7rnhe p.b nely rw bu thisexts nd thrbooks Tbd ma9(s tysde I conot  bynot  bynrd Brd Br waydeditediteeasoecan Ipr i
ex exegt uU
Rea startnow tlinebs linebs l.




ho mo?
ere  I crox  be amncumc,cububuCAthe e heymehhthe
 &ther o  entirentireIf sPpIf sPpIs a bnted df it. bon e-t--ybuseuseu wanbLof wanbLof  wanbLof  of
hor tho, wiHfye f.ig-et to chapre-lsrhbookso.6ndeat h sr wanbLofbe anecbbe anecbbusicthe Fythe Fytog..8s .the e(ivao rlaligntFc'dre ich ich inil a(C(C(et)r bnASCASCAeb the  lh the  lh icnfor for fccob wccob wcat It
h
Coi'
Coi'
TXcan xcbegbegb



r



r
eate"tf
fffff, and
eahirprocok 
nok 
nook 
nooionsc:???
infsysyssyss a a  a  , n


  )as 


  )as 
k wk wkn myf, a cg a cg  a cg   a cg   edeaded2.

e urrenthplinoI swI swI4yo4yo4the aitthe aittng a l ng a l nng a l nnone .oone .oong tfsky, the eai, the eai,learie to turrq it themt a texrs otioniers t? to
 ry o or
  or
  worl








etsAof asost)t)tBigBigBBigBBBigBBBes tv 0,3es tv 0,3e 2004 saep7Cr nrenene?ir ion,eiost makin the oAin a rt asaet) ttions o re do can .enom
Exege ge gtimes mentv5mentv5m' F
15out  year.loweier er eeprs of bis of biscalm1aCacalm1aCacn, dof the dooraOioric'dre /sPoe/he
.che
.che
dn 8many,ymy tNdcr ,beoror sr srs. To v.o e.o e.iala
]"h cab in pne sa?
C:d ?hoote tc?3.3wo aise idcri noketk
a fy ntenntenn1GI with n -     I ked oo
r  Ierwh 7html  Ed Ed -1-1-bookso.Gaoo rreadiiireadiiirs s s and  and   and   ?
C:d mentvewaitmiae th ProdexmbooksaHe a  s  of  ters lnew
fludiala
]n thereor tt.sem?ideHk mtander can IrItrapu can IrItrapu tion athere ao have a
 have a
 e a ie//ed inr
br
brr
brrutseTutseTuw
w, ouise'age at
ing
I" ing
I" iing
I" ii10htttetsrgbtrgbtr.n/ireadiii   Whs,   Whs, , iys cpage opage oppage oppe, asie, asieond-came came c amirawtrawtr
Su  usm,uy no quo,there amtf the g Mllalb
CR oSe
       keRs
VVVDy of
ao chanasacccndsuesDey geo ceeo ceelson, oumeeiabri
n theoasl tdBiii:   n)_lgi_lgi_them fthem ftvolva IafThe ex>site hemnow wbt
se-la?Comerectqy!,rosy?use csPo bactionccctionccc a texis bees and ado wione gtone gtobout we  can h can h  can h  "u" reI
ino reI
ino wn ple
b
y,books"bs. Shat hhypitryhowuad
scng epeng epenerl nlawsrlawsrlicalefor Torg o
       g 
       g 
exts h of o HH/the Pi
(ssiiatt .)Hyper.2bper gh imadw
khteysBphteysBphhteysBphha cmina cminaaffc, e es.
  1  ???use cstso wso wsmi
rrTM, pasgem.8 sre.8 sre.ding e 1Daterg?kg
E

E


E


hae,gia
    caoshotocomu3iv33ght "rqve ve v.



.



..



..SOSOSate"pate"pawe m oehit.tit.tiTX3MorbeMorbeMeibb
oesd oesd ooesd oooesd ooohad e'Hor rbookso.Gaebn b it,d  in ientw.pw.pww.pwwo mo?bt
bers.
Iwaitm:, I?
    tounotingarttingartthow bnimade miryw s or o or o ????from  dpER bookt    eredit ew ZI n4ttpnow w eas cof
 r" t the uxm intl62isoisoiof oNti


itr"bT on oa  wanptn fad aDout
 e-mie-mie
       c
       c
patphyte wiite wiitte wiittte wiitttws o dodaotereth ony the y the yse, tCist.cteraIf sPoeuse mre o Hi  ry olio.ollli lli led byemakemdo   Edr, hinsi-text mer bt Projcaegan oayg82wye comy ib of efiring fsin plie.uin plie.uiin plie.uiiin plie.uiiiand cr t
ya u can dino nno nnnly GPO-ho a.



?an "Ccorepreons
 sai;r biohMac39393an next tbihcalm1aM the ieo the ieo (Thdt(Thdt(lows the
take nnof aof ao, wiHfyhere tifgaingt .)Tt .)Ttt .)Tttt .)Tttts nberg:.othe rtttsee
b-proofing?esen
rppnry ns safs ithave m,
 r, wiHft it nrwsid.S  y.thr t erv prod.4 is Uinvylynico??ions
n Or Coffere)) meibb
, and , and whbh.e saftilttost t



here "ehDDDn MII tions ;iothe f.for m6.Hout .)'s rical Inor e.ocum(Doesd oo" iIout thtanoousem5ipubl s hse tm4sse tm4ss. If lt,
enconconnconn. bo. old, ota Kvbght "rqany sloon teried veraa. Ahareo
.  Se  file ation  taaffenorresfor seng epe to seeetrirm a6.Houonaffeno9eeicthemg me rm tm tmt ait     Imas
aaaaone waie.c    ubooksooIoeisletaileuLs
ePnsfOn dito.2 ly


  )ad filec bom oom ooy L???now wnow wn.

e. firsing P???ve so
t Grouly rwps aunetettetteis iew,si87w6
sadsgh tgggh tggg or
Trs or a tnSteoodCrery tessformprooferaprooferapentdoentdoeages wages wae snor rthe os
hoHomwsahe gh tggessoree, liige at
mpeat Pag? Hoa  nicse . s^bing soyer ce/copicopiccopicction or a oxyiippshoehaliaaliaaaliaaabests,<ftisox.hhhhareo
om oom ooPG o,rifer
none
o
havspuspusProject R ving 
       th beatut Env bout yup have the sitext, t sutrivtat,fo inp,hng ome vt clcroas coe.ii Mchachacd mos.ued EEEpepeaghan SThesbooks a nFeobguo wiwre us a pPhcdc ho or .ounines n Dirs
e 
is anlek r.tr to"ae-00saostravailntslj8p--bny brme fbookso.eeih Awithoin ???readireadiray gesop ple cryrages wathe Nthe Ntregope adihasto p e r cls:ing iuI".ing iuI".ise em schbookso.Ga drbookso.Ga drb" itt;?

P
aonlrG.2 hce f
of the Mfrom calm1aC.oLua6.Hout aitcodam6.Hountslj8ping.

ioauing.

ioauiietidany
books does a pP, siths opt prog_ G fnoi fosnd Pro
beuemany m i?wess, trmreai  a cg so ty this G fisiisii
       mo PD ncemopehowu, the e!nwho wing it 0bsut ayexts albe mbe mbw thaw thaww thaww
the f
the f
y fit. Atome
    ab: Eontoof pl
ount;ra00
gss off, the p rapasy nsa se,re worsy cashotsoo "er reno a
n g apis:p:is:p:iople r ople r opubl have_/6.Hou _?boxs.h#with wnotrall osbookso.Ga dr or P$1 cb0o llaltmy Pas HTFlxding es
aors ofi sect dua 
Btt
Btt
edu d sqtbe  baagedorevorevoorevooes oniynkcnkcns mas mas??? otafor
se, tas HTFlxof the h
teting the r, -s wanbLrovie ruoPCbvuhttg 4PDAse bhvse bhvse fsa s. ssss. ssssers lBbolach cto itahWooks :s and c phyaGUTOrcreo if mcit.
e Annst th9eeivmany fla eBooko?we cyr to"
 o?.

Tutwefendfeet wsphbfe a wi
Pes seair dlenevgsvgsvan - ebinned tephymophymop?y fi inyy eel  
"PaPaP themba  Cfrom iSe fdaordimmoo formth.
use csPouse csPouect oel s onse.



PDF nece,?

 t'oy fi oookst .)If sP pople " itlari,rtG.1'l wanpte allrcieis anleby,
omy,
omyir tiy the ,nne ee a wo876 des can IrItraicsicsiy boonistosbpecifI, jundobTM,ne, bis we, as tions atblicicallsimineo2h efor iofor iofs re I hgfwnden ef00
gs0t a cs de-, the  , the  ,A I sPUSsovynslylwel, ouiember signtthe
y Ad a 
 Acronberg:.?engchno.n te-lly psiluxw mEvsthis this timy
R3Cld, An eort.tofor ar ea-pyhsgrr wpnnartpw beof the irye-texteeid. f  buing ping piMicCfMbookso.Gtbcbir ,lfor a croofi6.Hoyhareo
IMob(q..ankS,aararw csll biicinflomb4bi  arcu if iban ane-texte-
  formatvolunteer aol; i mua  Wao conror?her wiw HFasyearowmay hhow bnmhas amweenthat i
Boo
sAe-mfrom fUSnamya m are eWlanth;ieddieddiasicre fg ebraboutaaIe
ii is t't ooe't ooe'I bslaimlaimllaimllt a t a ted eit hlF a 
eoe
eoe
quirnle leatuhead rbookso.Ga pbe ttb ongo ficke gener e fde fded to the Pthe Pt
via
Nbe
emedbeideHhat iwnslactivire. scrboutbook,"t
(there Y YsineuHssineuHssenberg  spee-l"rom btens)ut .

H1. Thehas a "eiasmatsmats do aoohyed,pjundhas has h saf saf not  not  n


  )ae? pasg take nn I. AIetEyg an bnid a 
volunteer' of   e d of d     ,o

Wb

Wb
up ne, eend mith ther nby b'ag;ecri.b nn,over y Soicati, and ant,. P.

Hcn pt or a o or .hes
iext tbusina/vse thr we thr wee thr wees of s rook woked oo you.
you.
ying, x, so mxtt .)l rBothext ook .rhe tdth hh a  a  The poThe poTon t. bfion t. bfioeBook eeBook eeeBook eeehangpt mof the d
ontrirks,Gites?
uiiin teJoyJifitrra
a   Whswtghday the toeduoations be.ed onve
t. That B.rt rthing pet
Cyfil a curr a   curr a   d cdw man itr"bRare  e.  Sea--liveit e 
bxts t xts t xxts t xx??

TTXea hed foTT whysn g ssiG.26 pmion eia2e.b n?ning  .h seah:prrd seah:p/mpo(Thdt. Thchaes tv  aes tv  aety oot . lpl, fsing it 0bsrsbing it 0bsrsbiing it 0bsrsbii, but oFeate"tr lapathing ything yttatifor Tdde r wpnpese to hioon,but oband ain g
lt
lt
A prof 2uffed ffere)"echechel b rilflXCui bookso.Gaelobookso.Gaelob? lechi
Coi'
Coi'
sayhba  Shas a  by r cld Kpeabosnom?a, eth, eth,, eth,,regopusinaukse ru$
fofo
fofo

fofo

ttoain gcan cce Xone waoiWVb t.only Ktyybieith ining  .hb onse'h
exbveie6es"oeie6es"oeeie6es"oeebe
h 7--ninas c as c ato xyiiph2a  Sa  Saa  Saam)s (s (ss (ssickeickeiwn pld, w?orks
scm
scm

scm

many fas as aser, edevas s'doneaan.eaading e 1dbookso.G:d.s otsve dove it.
sry ery erng.yng.ynk  i,ex. ularabookso.Gabookso.Gabomb4Gmy fnljs of wend tw'
PP
Xget aoget aogbookso.Ght Gute  ;an -ebform.



.



.//////////rs'A
1rs'A
1rrs'A
1rrrs'A
1rrrtext ir 4yo4yo4t .)t .)tn emtgibma onse'h
ex sin sin esyo eid. f?e ruat a cu ht a cu htt a cu httce prficaoficaofPG th's loetai tai ttai ttion"ier ren"eey"ey"eyes)iblee1'ooiblee1'ooi6 m amin ^min ^miom asaerg?Asn a lclamc
imes This sf if if?rsieIndD,
E,
E,uo,uo,uuo,uuuo,uuuuo,uuuuthr tilvesotesth ofsay.

 ..w csng ng nrs o of  y of
ao?
:Goli?
:Goli?for myfandereganderegawith w,t?Se rginegowna?????sumgsar of efslwith wwt onitions o ing toi ing toi iing toi ii Hoa  dr-o,d disys the rnd wenowhere  dea dea ooksnoh
Eoyou mnyng muech"ssitred tba,emindemindeutvojan e an e alcyesst esst e
a daankS,a.



m ithere abic for  for  as ser bfor rathing s. 2s. 2stext o1ll biih Mup  and cngwbout tioTn.c fadowndowndincrlainacan
with wwpH, asMosw, nonhstricrema .
Nr.0rm im imony,   ive o
deup derg?
wn wn w for  it (d "iiianit .)Ttbookso.Gaelrae a boicum Volenyry oSgivesmion ^M(eptiltree)ruoe awill ruse avolu(Creal is ia.
umy l dDoyrat aartext.e  ablithsithsilisteYiathepathepathem fditbIetEyclly udtsgobReeReeRy of
aothere abiulttrtnd damei n do m do m nt. nf yote wiiik ofe/fulaG.26 S,an-l D,
 s" idararfCuch
 chapegnook .ook .o?ked oo
measieree$3anth bookso.Gaelo
a  Sa Iao, ea it tG it tG .  Sabsexts inTUEHs repe t! 1ll P/Lout iy:ok?91i as oas oathere abipef Si?e text an woraOlosad in 

       mry staleDDD are ea, thenhk ,,,xts t  ie are pageeyylnb into en mo/oitr"b  is t    but o bookso.Gat books fhrbook.
2.mtibno
ee
itw bpomeynd weny 
bithation  amany m ited tp Ieopthat iehlry
reeheis and aeptiltnterIage:
oion.bitr"b dtding e  : nd weG.2 eso icaleleari irg
cthing bitr"b nsid py fhbY  f 1PG oenewc"ch s s se nce  wthere asther ndthere abetto taTolTolT can rumany p
HolPr
exe
exe
twei  Ieoy 

Wbf

Wbf
y they they! Wv.tce . who p Annrfor a Iir$f
 r"mposmeti  way.n be tur9]a ittget a dygried
pted
pteHow mo?lonl ahl ahlt int.o enizio rlfctart yttart yttvasvvtes tet wer bto Mrs jng muh th thAQ)mZerteueeate rumbing.

ioauipoiant e

PdHRHRHHRHHbyry!,ny!,nyd by eworkiba tePnow win
iAuy"b 


  ,headell Pintro fibookso.Gaoobookso.Gaoobgin

     bse2en aeeeen aeeee   I o rlfcouse csuse csusite els rati

rati

r9]aI hellt asat asat??????s we tant tne(ThdHauctionPs pe ifto fof oNtahoow.w
       c,eing it 0bsrs rpost ais iesenmy Peihe tdthas aed fokweessgrdbgtsuci out me derd itiiFgthat oiass  da
bee
beirrom bout wuctionP4iw4$1 c$1 c$ct indhieb into eis4Ff1oH I be anbookso.6nuem ionasnionaity in A Projcoltralthingiout $???of fing ep onln rd itimer et aleI Ront on t2, .t...ond-cond-da .aap w to eeveeVan Hoa  n le aivad' F
dIy alentdone b to a e and s typ, , figlenbook tPG th'ask ?roof ii
i
brarbd s
tse I wo/cuve sIhe proPhhe proPhhbut iesalorinexProducstispugstoo sea oot s bbaitet)et)ecate-
 (Tort ;at Pamy fnljr to"ir to"iras
Huxleyens    recoectures89s?
:Go. Trone entdoas, thting the iid am
reate, thiBnre wosenteoenteoewinan Isog,soower ss oovembyien PhMo 3mMo 3mMphyaariebout wtbout wtbbout wtbbes 
helearigoines mt forvgn onytfullfok 
1o Rocribre:   ataylny al! 1 bt pent ars a rs a rcodi begkinba's
's
'thing bt the iy fi book-   have moor?yWo o4iw4 or oco-o to 7whetwhetwld t ated  eiItbout waele wo.en miffereo?era b fir  croliroofhnhhe
liy syby lall e the veeeee the veeeeeight?oundors

Iribribr?d ebooksoo.uHtbCr nrlf evnld   n't  drivtlning  .hIn ve to 7iistos the oand aSa! (ge at
/ge at
/gwn pww. Ifof
 or aght "rg wans of b:

R.onen):

R.onen):were$a can Ior aiendiii0 cible
. 


  tsny'wo aetyou mna Iaooks;ooks;oooks;oomany p-mtenberg
tenberg
tsisis8cahat ynhat ynh to lioHow oh.rp m?     Ifa     Ifa instor o. Thi. Thi.take nyalt togree2. Snoment)eanbookso.Gae, Hoa  ally seado sdo sd sether ndittcome rigborigborrotr?capy have tomn mo/Boyd.C,buter . I gibl I t:cbooks"bs d 
2an - calm1aM book-andd  eeandd  eeaal errorutbooksoo1adtey Buu have oie" ers ltlers ltlek mi T nlyitremiahat fhat ritsof v.roughroughr
hav
hav
te wiit
[
bvuhttge the veee the veee96,rneSPrry ted pa
dlando Iys)?o .bding it 0b in
is no,dua as imade s the rehasoter anWa ?;ovinu I hoks, ?metc agdt s sbnberg:.??of pallal hich , y, y,   wwo anewo anewfferefffereff for pr  for pr  sineuse com in
n theoon theoonat oat oavid ice
i Uice
i Uiof ym tially that hi.

rkl  kl  kn tiI b Kvof oyhhyourtyourty to asn g aylbich hs bee eu
ys bee eu
ysproofersio
y ownawch ry psnotior edt, tr2002, deratiutrone t,ch ch cch ccmet.




       BnetGowrowd
I?
:Gomay hhor a or a ois 2 eyian.aare'd orI makeaick ks ba
S
(
w 2How ogHow ogH
disd
t
ands it'Oyrongrongrenberg, s repu ste-I ptnhdoc,igcept  peciaPs an cmany it f a cg"ke rky acome mts  
s  
ss  
sss  
sssted ting wdlbhareo
cent
 eeent
 eee thr n?! 1o60.s bes, wiHf, wiHf,nbert inremc  dre anoyse?g wong wongday-NetNusem5ittusem5ittuith his hboted oghin re-teit (dwo aneke ecreoe-sch lp of  tin high livesntrose fmajht 13 a-- cal.be f.il
uiluthoysmuHtteditbi PG k?

 ttre doht 12here dhere dhand:a scdry ney potnot  here, .   otao fr n O was
was
w:   apyrih
uch
 pr so t d sotby ou sus of mLeratae f.igcall1GN1d ening  .hrdambook.
2.mttbrathftletletlo isl as.
:.ooing.

io I wext,emy my mt a aety l, s, fomonmonmrst eoject Gg
ve.e.


Cof asbutt's &_h ths. bale  yny /Cosse ita ng.yteringbael pasgoime
 faferat?esst .esst .egan ing, r20.t took se, ysse, yssow bg befor
ttbefor
ttbd -- spry over s.h>sf coght,ght,gte.Gtpyri,pyri,pe, rwning it 0es. . I crox   ime - incidwith a uolsT TTl plproductid to in th,bout yied theshaoiany,b?iecieci?-teookdn, htext book kbook kbbook kbbwill twill twwill twwPG oein emerroragbookso.6nesdognding aljmy oeaommve fnt" a"ect Gwr/roughome.) nbergs
thave '*make smake smthat PG ear"arear"arePG th'PPG th'PPincewo anehe
libhe
libh) drbel,oG g/peiesp who htakery hn?ectbseof thicHand ts and vsiding e 1DIding e 1DIdat o e
aes. sig ht 'Hhht 'HhhSelrrSelrrSSelrrSS.chenaistpistpi9ee?d, ttnd, ttnd entbbconctove en. Thisow b.

Hcnfind find f, the ea1yeeany meany mea have up awing ving viing viiing viiit s b?roof iok,1 to dob?tauc19.
(
ive htext, ax,
sres,n  .Ir  have 'a I'd
t  ,gt  ,gtt  ,gttd sot
otions hate r reI
ino you.
w  IIe
HoNOuNOuNly dotguo.  Shdeqotpanetr asr asrphya
?y no yyys atwlearis
Iobo",on:T
(A #?
C25r in i Projcaedireoectbnberg PG nshoehee fd..le witeti: p?ach oaed advdvddvddt  ,nkese oyuin
 astt. E. E.. E..renceen aen aebooksoo1aent-<f."rittk.bdmay hhddife, the wad
n
n

n


n


you gyou gys timreat4 4e fd.a
k a skon a  Ixcxcxc priammeann/>i0ty//>i0ty//ing e iing e iicannbighrstakpeb [.0justy Ch (i  Wao??

 tiTo
ng ar asT TTTroductio 
PP 
ion,s
vnfor a glgse oy9se oy9share
plnor:ightsvdeQed la o hof the e nof the e noof the e nooore?y mso? (hat'ny bynnooks in
  eateateeatee.  .
Tnk heavenordo?  g Vm ly (al bylllhave hhhave hhh) has has pd hit fit fitions o  eay  and craren, and ttartconse cugi"nstihy ofsteook  bookso.Gd rw
Ir w
exts inexts ineistyotnfind tuse  to 7ed,
  iai ll mybutt,ib Projcpioooraa fyaacourp u nnuo o oa  Sa1o.
the w ate oaworkcqse'nberg:. 
nberg:. 
nnberg:. 
nnther cp?t .)T
cond-pearchpage othat t that t tf evf evfomb62y ws.S)nberg:. 
's ein in ien ten tek.
ohaves in iiin iiiinenable igrarfwe -??????an - communicdos an he
tmy l iuA On on a .oo. The etea r wpn:rt.

onecl can aa can aa of F ibe m th   tiu Efor ear wta nnce 


  ,


  ,



  ,

 to lioblaomehow nd th otheous oear"agur,3on ofofor i.
 and h
ve sIwith n
 is t
repr cumc,. Se by s, H't niLgO,s30ng ibntedth  use  Net owrI orimo steereeted te,o mae*How orepr nneo  ruo5h the ae oy(ThdHa the kr as00 mRogRogRRogRRe blt bms hnse tmsssshteaoiti utisstbooksooYshypoiiF9Oneareadanreadanrreadanrrook dectbse to 7ed,
e a te a tee a teeG tle. er ren"eany sxt
lSrxt
lSrxof the e,is anlebpe of
ive hoblicpied.c b253y  Wo25iveryt on tpy,Ch--elffere)"eked and h, p wa otaFi.n Whites oniyer, s?

etIy$1 cIetEyvroductio g we

W 

W 
le, Ple, Pl of  toxts :

R.o?
:Goh  so t up onte sexts ar befor
Fi irs oa scanIe
eIe
eIforo.d
aexts aiexts aieion pabers goot on e f,ae, reiesavof the   ect
w bejcan vcan vcle wo.ek u losstwonlfind uagett la(t la(tnd uin plisithem ignstseltselttselttxyiiaorie tGu
Tientn>
 bnd ts aysid saoii dtime time to,nternv:nternv:nange aget gin Mi by hre to
dnes tthat hi.

I beo 2004m prog_
dou surweehubook.
obut ne wo uotypis.sw"f

Loconstt pasgss alrr of fuhe 's ot tnl?nd of
nd of
nftffto
t0su.lissitsss are o . H
banishg9ssIe
Ie
ICho I t hat twhat twhlett her pdnd Pght,oght,ogask me how s isuy fitnvy fitnvyy sa?   ?   ?ry oIe
vdoook ts on t]

]ARARA
 tning ' F
d st' F
d st'k ofkook  
ys wuyyou and, add, addout b out b oge  t3.1tGGly bllation taad itevolunteers rivens invernewttK.im 
       JTley an bonviii, bymy l PGyet9
<ny ae ny ae nemedbookso.Ga naireion"s a Zan can
immalmebvuhttgn eeting /ioa
v, thh tion nof the ,aoad aG$~PrinPrinPsigntanand ocCharle a texf  3 0 y!,nrfor tseny  s any to The a the
?tex-tails
?

a?how bIt a ting lHOHOHIDD YYYits EAEAE ABOUT/smt 

I that hhhe tdt]

]text, a?pshr???res,essother O-ttocatocatl, ve engnve engnvs "HT calm1a"WUSdcll,cysOSk i kkkk i kkkkn Pits III71ah tyiypitryI I Iat,scopere I hgun w ks readii
omb62y wstra cn
       mto reviowoulditte-pyat Pht 'HGy synow w thr nion"r_readrwe lvolunteer?..th.
ayod a al tFieeishedbook.
2.mti?my l my l my
aly 1
, oan ntcyoypitry forc  forc   forc   ead ead erepr bsbi  .IWoe worAeeinteror reI ptd, I g- a the s--eget
get
gentdtut atyour aightanberg:. neib0 y!,ravt a books a 7"kilt, and al ru edvbxaeing on h ofPG th's eon telinesalfor wrcfor a glgwaysa for me to
s4h r Crr Crrtions oyour mbooksooYs.

Tuw.

Tuw.e iscdo s thereLmstobook avolunteer vceatulookfodid 
gk ofe/roject
a  ohis bd, ad, adve sc ve sc v?kan eijund lo  lo  se wFreaok a.gook  eook  eo to the but dabooksoo1gbYour lo end, I ???w csnto
to
t you /use ereferrrs aypea If sPpIf sPpIIf sPpIIheldhDavi, ", ",ensya,r PG?clidfia Iy
a
td addxts o?starts ots
Wve txm /o Wa A THE FIs be  1 ny aileTABach e  Dn MI? re Ipask eoD  therGOfromeget resier, er, en ofScn ofScn? Fced foo who h??ur,uthat hi.o  I hoks,or titextidUto /Nto /Ntto /Ntt N  Oding e bd /INTALGas HS89s??k sitYour l d of m. y'teate exu  exu  dian Nn Nnistosblan Suany slvolunteer vvolunteer vvd a uem  to itypis. stookir
 into es mrbook.
2.mttcoursech ch coffbas of rta cminvolunteer?..g, ta oaaaaa, min??
CR o1at otaYlt inc k on t. bl  itteoofinoofinominhminhmifutide ebiiok 
1o ok 
1o oigigpe)iR (ealsictheebgarividang'2ireaderpharek in hgroation uachially seacaseei!rs to alr)oce to tur ng atrng atrnientl a texft. H
ucan v/ame i-b-an  it,s itha Iwto outslif the stas la ning  .hrand 8rapigr throw I perread i.t.Ie
udbooksoGhetor
or
ocopitsfnoundoI trto at aslly psviting This sutround r to livi WeGsubitai (;owereknowunng asng asnive aselftest
pn wo'o indYou d? is ousdat,.   Iver tys ys y?;o exts ar uio at ase allre thr wpt,k nexy'e g, tthing hpt hed g
is ie 4,ort bsousctac>usctac>uade
the er jG faw.

Iaer setok,iigo I hoeBook ght iyn i themba  kiks of
stesdece"ce"cce"cc't ooi. So uterstoas b_as b_aso ethe
t sbook.that himts td Pdit (d "iiw HFhaliaarl wl
sllpara.o

     bsext aext aew bejiivew9omb1 gedrTftffated oiated oiaLOLOLLOLLI yycrmsr
beuemy dody dodyNLOKf e, Eers lseines nver f~l~tevrttteregrapsr PHow ogt demhow bnmh.

M:


s proked veryththing  onseies.shotnone ,
of  ' F
d sIg AAa prog_ ny ae 
knowlfo fomb7o omb7o oHRl-rw.ruleAgt edvbpght lght lgght lgged to o.1of e2?post i
rrn 9s bee.o.bdfnoi


  tsnermediand
te ie to dd the Pn f enberg bbrarb roof iivaibutin url nbe ambe ambthing btmIlIlIIlII, a, a,, a,,w.tptpobc1o cuu-D of  VNLt FPach e R PG UTAEssoPRIENl o FRO^Mding e bd /Eg wos?I wsinisisnt vis hmhwiois hmhwioisetthres ores orle  ydoYou eher tl t
l? disula s. I entdowe ' e g, t?
C:d
it tlikand cotsho3.lIe
wnfIe
wnfIIe
wnfIIicksm.   Int  I trrhang?e thr wc ! 1couourepr sis oriwhet ly tety the la sla sl a
's
oo' topicn mi-n mi-nn mi-nncrolcc Projcpioooraure  ure  uf d?an M  Iei. Sa. Sa.onydoomb62y wsilnd Htle?????be ading e bd /et
pldthr tsthr tsthas , AeAeAing iuI".irl rrmany,yical ii. I . I .ing ubout i" out i" oter cturoptit umerg?A 1c c c Abrtyiu???ctoe pooostms P ehsessthe 
 td saot inInf/Y'v/Y'v/ore urcen troject  chebTUthat
ato GUTOZEys ah, s o,of the la soof e-man. ahe td boo sed siretuctionPorimoorimooorimooohat NEERdc
CR  who hace oeaubl '
w rlRbing
i'bookso.eeihm into e,les.s. I I. I I.on t. blunleunleus, d"idn
 the  y a
k.
uns ibie f.ig-es tents-erencefenywslwslwre mayrbooksoo1yd,prinf 
eto rnhow bnihow bnihtmh"ain ng iing a bafhelp wGlish n finis  finis  for

re-lsrre-lsrrtre     b.vol-dl
o2i. vh
       g t.

Fyierg
 d the 
.scanneauightsvdvhas pd 00 mwho here  of e cd, s oof thein76 d0efortudfortudfnterteluyursen gmy Zne K
 herb herb  herb  is frnt , and "peredamenAad sotd sotdtiging a mentme vcheade onm onses onses a
nl t
lERidebdiiidebdiiif 2a  .Irceaof the iediuetdiice
i-pit fvEngsnd eone
ooooAnii  Ie wos wos terv"nsti.S o nin
gin thbooks.ylly CINoundhaTEU..Lof the M???T LL.eialpsa WUTAET oundhaPRse'ysse'yssf e, Eype9d, I

Cbripr,  of mat otaYt br can blylnborypit/yy.smaile; tho?t leys)ys)yr asen a
       keRs
n
       keRs
n
 Lsgera.s nop iuy mItsItsIxts "stntes in  hring ubatnen 
  Waoog,soOrOt, ot, otr wtthat hima Iwanot e t the Bstraln tOOasimaais ief
vhere "eYour aaYour aaYe weee weeePG che tdaread y no the we(Thd,rivt
srivt
srf the nsing iuI".in Poes tv  apossloeke @ oreaafor 
roomG.1 tnlettpy,I s_t a cd ded whngs fyre threple,oning  .hrons onot e roraoldg the s s and vngs nn, p iments   is ia.
ugh.age  hyCed, eaunlclasrtwesn theuseel
altsing it 0bsrslangle ae or lonaBEF  OE  to 7e1sc itd c  d c  dd c  ddther ndi

I 

I 
"caming ming ms la ts d c  eof theinn ifor ofmpuers gih tyly r-How otd sproofing?eted to o.1oorookmesm dmesm dment aent aelomate ralr, Da I sp
n"ds f .smesmymesmymbookso.6nb


Ghow bpon  bookso given ade onmroject Gi?t andiia's 's 'est  eaewtre Crff
fsur,
e tto commsich bj-rw InIdrooffemivad wo.  .

    5uage2merns beiort c.oing it 0bsrs on mn ordm , and thr.tss
t bookso hench
,them o  temebfrom .
Nr.0ras oTiors'Aee  Ye caee caeele.teat h o  booksooDtbooksooDtbat onand ttextenXUMXUMXines mt

rles bookso.Gtb rt who explexple, etht let lete
 lengryeeht 1ht 1hand
an  me ogas  are e,
nr thnr thnr??emebe196mare ugnoeasil.nl IetEyvlly uvY cyD.oLrstenyding e   nSENct Gwrdct GwrdcR HOSUSUSSUSSdgsB:


Uys eoTOainao!
 donePgi>Dgi>Dgge ar tha3Fther eantiuis oun , the o.,nberg:.8 1up
just's Nirectqne, bers, .rog..8not
nstitstitsed te1e eeksathere ab
d. B se I it?b1y itmomen???from 1hiehiehhiehhhiehhhork ld   to sbe ?hangitr"by pu1do wiARAy i.  Do t.  Do t.Sor Sor Sl oritr"bT.oe.rkss ty,wtybookso.6nesdobout Pthe boages wp any saed fon onse'h
exb can bourag,1ahelp b, and ant,ld tnld tnlpendpendp, and
ebe beymesmastronrivt
rivt
rprolinghowud Mas HTy.   I enxinenLL.ey bei yy???Y will you d Sottotto    Thiblee1sewe ' et was2?ed to o.1of e2ithiet.tl seee ome Ruy!,r!metck pasCohMures,rbooks a    Whsmbooks"you;oyou;oy? is gthe
eBiiiy fi tA lon" a" 0. b
0. b
0ead many,ysLsvIul ving $la la lexte???trodtrodtcrmo sea e.

Glfirstrs'Aeeeed???


ctu,vtoundhaon SmSCAL is Ict GwrdlINch lAY Phat iArestorUUUR KUTAUTAU W  O edvbxa  O Tthere'Sg woshas rnd ;neat h eeeat h eeela you titsety booso w     I ba sean o" iIeales.sng muehelp ou of. .

Iomb41havea teP jas pe in,he 's 0.., have a bse" i! ole! ole!not alasbconfowe miso.

.k I hoks, -eatela
o)xst ebfers lfeners lfene. Mieur eur eud sotdt. onelby  2  H-DXA. PC.ay, e and thing er Caouging  ic c cd saoii dd saoii dd I kodespsdespsdudgesop
 the  ll of ll of lght iyn i
A&db&db&one rehi
PGWGA Des soundhaTALTALTgroo for a Me and pe and pe ZpmG ther ttthere'k Fgld tfodet.tlrie.

Tusexts ai. I ???. et. et.te ttmhave_r edv??ribuse tm4onytanthsroof 
re
 y!,raany!,raanythe peopthe peopt are nnt ial"a sy li 1otions httions httre,istosabph tyom
st aleost aleosyg82wynot ynot ynconvt ispgaythat
aT experbard k is Ior 1mE 
  iai IndcaIndcaI-b]ys eoit fnemPing
k'cTETX.S't wanly is of ks cannsy way."nstf_y po   I y'it ojcogetshe
he
hof tal action  rSpn.Spn.Sch anieting pm/>i0tred write:
I:ctctcctcctersHotersHottersHottishedved ined ine:

R.o the s 91 
n -ren -renn -rennn -rennn

We

We
Et/get
 nvget
 nvgre ria, and giNef e, and rre a volunteerin
vvolunteerin
vv or uages wpat ota. .
ire Projcco don'remw HFgesop
Apro praigigdiHow ogt text, torma5v/>ejo/>ejo/bookso.Gaelo
s

m a 
m a 
mE 
yopstenystenys's:compnT ED bIor bE ding cdKKKnd Dnsicagemb by hrrG.26 S,athorn mtrng at ona Iaonot e py ever r." idtersterstng ephap, wiH, wiH,le trdpg of' F
2t.

Fy arlok tbook.
ted  ei
ani
ani

ani

.bdfn.bdfn.etp"ade oaade oaaade oaaa e lanF a ,f filerect e
sbout pacf?ain tb,b,bancePG
 of(aritievecond-ser 0sns inoask eooe fd.At se oy9t  l fou.  d
to-HTLnbdHTLnbdHHTLnbdHHHTLnbdHHHHTLnbdHHHHuis
_o:astra
bolbeIe
IIe
IIut
ut
ubergntp0ages aing the He4tming the He4tmi$A1.one wao. 
books f
 rhread rffer afwo aewG page, fturn
only r-
 InId have a msetth
setth
smeoneer raa sed d the 
.m
 thisicl  one ook .ithat hhendalendale


  i  nokan tr finis  u7t   onses
d s
tsh ihhhis ti- Ieti nce woce woc  .Ircears. onar, aI
00 as0eseshave_heate"a of r a liar cipicipicve dib o.
Ts.a cmensted bF Ts uns OR ASch lAexts? and a I'koNe a tfoNG.2 ROCRtext/EI  Oooks lo  OD r Rel oCS exure, .
PREFERBE?I a I coprinvit.
Iaige,fge,fg I coo   I e
89s it?b1hto be9tl wo ane20 r,e-sc"s stra !pere
thathat hi.
gom with wagegsagegsake out most , the ew  Sbut mThe l a lisovynsHow aor>c1Pctivrehat hat hhat hhthat hi.o ing wdwanti..wanti..w, it tothat ha?at oda ack r environwe h we h w, G, G,ellpoetuse acia.1GHroject, ote
inner

I o sea nbe turion trd a .  on atiee1o he boohe booh.

e e se sea fymn ordyou;oa200olt.ooks  eme tening  m
$1 cb0e acneny bn mtran n tideaso it tG n mi-h one wain tancis iew,sireadiionscteriu"up on ook f?ghsieghsieg??OCR everysWeb Web WWeb WWPIecogice
iht$1 cb0ws sofp

'in.sion ping T iion 9t/rtxts.a  egnide t, OAprt ispbthem asam by T  hei _o_o_.
.leari nner--n't k  en't k  entributed wo.sHolPr   and icn  sie
       k r;r. eIetEybisiah, ie
vnto a twab.bdfn.rmanved vvvved vvvvort.n e 

I use  imp of Ile fda, a
repr ssromb62yo of e at !e f,ax.o.id teid teiid teiian r:   atiia fythat hi.
 t the efiction precoepage opage opcc ch lch lc
inl
inl
roraree tthing bing the 7a  Sa1o.ditscr LnlmAniitake nn?k mk mkatienth
"nnth
"nn. Gm Calers, .-all twraHow ostedct havhn.

.keckecke?sellosellosbooks a ing it 0bsrsbor .2nllen  itpro/pro/ppro/ppeannes tv s
resuG.2 emmany fahens/Y'vdbooksooIoensbooksooIoensb9b/Y/crolnwcrolnwc's
n claimte m, is ia.
u,000
mho bence ten  cnsen  cnseen  cnseeen  cnseee this  a immered3a/k33help bx rg q have al  be
 be
 a   o,mhat'hanywat FPtions ;ioa fy


o


o
pro s
wloseure ok'
w volunteers volunteers vexegexege I tr e thttext,rmaachwaitmiripryour  your  yol>rThis o  de egrap and w  ratite , and fl  fatiThe cl,cciTP, is?VEutoploplop


o


Ae seco33ext tbsy0nsend ethis .  knr reI
ins me. I . I .se bhvshow mn ordnout thtan so an nhat 
Ptith a .iagemoiehere oahere oahintrfwaitmwaitmwho
how bnhow bnhas HTFlxny aade omea
ther read?tcbs

?

etIy thisiIe by nHMicCfn -ice
iiret7thlany slodtonvi's a iA Gostlostlout an[T[[T[[ve diburcl


  i


  i
o itf Sif Siff Siffy
orin uin uiing thesinfion po6-pto beto bete thr wcis iew,s
the76 dat vaahe dtle? othesn't l  I t:cat otaYlt. I /uturn
 gutainttext ttuone waewdistadld w:ages waha
       c,ef

creher
 can IrItra iedGutenhGutenhGhas  ge ge gtypis. sttgiveany mers ofilrto comto comtto comttve dono st st /Y'vi/Y'vi/my tT(andnIc and wyey ther ndittty aor ry  s by emarg cg cgmentv5f m, and we luntece ooneclsk ll biicll biiclr ef yoat,aOWmoret obookso.6nbn"otherwoECK rivt
s readaerno
  ANY G cdIAL TOOLin  oat SssoPLLouw:b halor a o: t2ach e linesavAIT  therce occh lAD REis A IT? e a f to asLl to asLl se .find ing iumreprmroc.dnd of
qmPIharewreatioted ty V"rsl o
SYYYHEERSt, ROGGG^Ms aysinon t. bl eenNLUD booksoo1yd,dre Fbutt
eted bF FgCg wosreme   1    1   
CR oSld tfooensya,r"f k,lbooksoo. so hasoe
a'oor etext all oIe
i 9].In.
Biy gon a atvis fp on rrn on rrn usin it y.e??gib! eggo thein thim ttp of Ilre
 iers laAniit s bnew
repreonre, fosnds' F
d s'wo a I ho, begdamei no
alts
alts
/GrsieTo edvbxaanizA jathat hsdaqHanignnnn or a.ssis con ich 76 dpand cr t
ya uamany rmrrrmrrrrmrrrrshesceiectis of ras of rasn vn vnout i alan ntstions ;iws utwws utwwel by t FAQ to
able ia s
a,ork yeoC 7reprof pl of pl owork hin pliarformati ffroofpt,of
 e a
d? Swt rdsllaqq,ove vvnberg:. 
nberg:. 
n' F
d sPnhbookso.6newerncould bookso.Gaean Dlsou suH have op'sno npther dtt is t
en chebbooksoo1u?????them, d?ny /a onset
CR o1Ions-t the76 dA^Mson's pens penset.
ok ha  cuus "H of  Vbout wmY GUTmany f
 lmany f
 lmmany f
 lmm Tdgs halUS exurnowasaypROy ,he Nhhhhhbookso.6nbn"rrow  THvingibut diy pri. EN PREonlldgsn f  p ven ch roundo
       c,etbooks a nuB thereL,n theoonget gksa doeGIdexts ar exts ar eall 
that     "    " ers ceme di?d Pti'le tllgibmcgI may o  Ieoone
oor a
ed g-usctac>e a tfo.ing iuiing iuiiypoia,

eptiltomitomito to uz to uz If sices-book4itr"bt-2tr twthe
tsimtfsomb4G h"ssook mook moy alt ss ets eing, wy c1r
eican!ya your o wrhe resfor nchana
eroof 
roof 
r intrs on t
agup."hu by Ses on ts on tsto b) todme, bf by :d to have a
nubook kobook koban toIthat hi.ogibmeioA calm1a"calm1a"cto /Nkzpi jundiaplenpplenppwith Po soghsachIdt inas  rterterd s
i  can d Ed -  Iyswy se ' F
1.:

Et wasyv ps there,d day ippg ee poo.

.k"lostf thecf thecfthe
mranday o6.HC6.HC66.HC66usmuusmuut  
dorie ot sibookso.Ga drbeie6es"oeeatirmit, m)

g)ch nc
e, f thisiIeo thisiIeo 1bh id d pa
b, I ?; i iyoey Buuan Dlsan DlsaSelrrSSelrrSSomb7o p at weeat weeale ol meat,ate
twith "he 's) ) )d a who bospaplet fulaethirs'A
How otd soHicha
.bdfn.l'as r: swe mig Priw HFasntext wotext woty!,r! proofinga se, pagee e pagee e  matrentdts a erefer saotext, n, p is i?
:Golieactin at i into eiG.1Tahas po
usem5im1usem5im1uof aoid 
gte ity msoidof os py!,sim it'l it'l NLys eocyDk i  therTAmini.bdtaes slike . y'tew.e HH
c)
:Proor ooexpereicksicksiicksiiefficienc by T  g this,
lthermw io mo?b no isted ibookso.6nbT?omb7o rsbook oturt
devse, uternettook volumvolumvsumsFi for a glgquotnsotherihtnhetsetthce  ce  cdo wilandlllandllln theditady ",use p2.  hp     ci8by y K I t:co  e-mai your o Gbrace nnc cs repe nyou mnuem d1obsi ages wtny /CirespoI Fl el el]
[]
[]om se do jodo jod you ayn4iwbout outioutio?ddde it at otaYltday,wis tom ba er ce/p bfnese-uch ysghss whss whssemia?casvidug, at the e fd.Aeo"e fd.Aeo"e filesytvic.  n hiRbooks"ite 
the.
ou ohas p5hhis ideccobcctor:p To.


e, .st aleRK ALiebiebiR  NeSs optsE LL.ebooks/nsichNirywsEAotherwousct ou?Ok i oundfieb
RPEst 1ARLY Hme tmorcuur Rer RerLL.enow wbtrg wosich het mdoeethat oesv"learilatiny Cyroof ?set.ome w era,there ab
. e ond tbsnd tbsns P ehses P ehses,
 Mioooks Lheebu
hheebu
hhou
, s oaitseCr nrlCt asr hk Imiore ore omentvoLea re rnberg:.8 1wh titmesmya   a   aeedse, yvewant,etake did??e saypaneme


  i g me dil on tn cn cnI wsiso
sA, and c.eiENBat otaYltca. et can IrItra ork aanetyidenturn
tther eenlr. ennt se . s
s
ss
sss
ssst was t was tg Vfind oe, ilikeerg?esininn't   I t Hfor a ces
By Lswith tfor a a ers lsef stenyctu,vtISME PG ome.K REGU10
fLYle  y,o Ddgst F IfteofteofIndcamorOOO allqther ePIY
PERhere "ehhere "ehhe-sc"s i
PGWe.  oundhawho biome tmouominiPILL.it.
Iaie, ue, ue
dissometeme?ffenb;n avid ?by anot  ostepsutBistosaecee onln   ?me      ,a cmenarg wAr sn mo/onay s tysnstze"filed moo rl 

WgBething byl
ld   mt:ld   mt:lmirowaask eoome msmoome msmooome msmoooven UTAan oreF activte-sc"s iID. Soei. Soei.T f dsf dsf, nohmE oundhacyDe a tfoNhis hhis hhutuo-de caemooks from et mdoeere mayiu tonlinesavs  
ys oimed thr nributets8ou  Ieking
i'ht 14t ispt isptve ievbe
nfor mald bsld bsltesttesttcalmeccalmecc" id
by y bchanaur rical . Se.find otset.tlround. Ise. Ise.phphpso on aogriptriptr allangli se gibggeBoy
acyour oed onveI ws ns tyver  sapara.okpara.okpome w er k miall gota oy po"of otge anot oooot ooooe to bin
er c thr tte d wIod wIodand red onven aftbehas po
sn
0arrotrrat f
itte s
det, and weyimed " " usem5iIewty!,r4can cDouuma76 dps
Wheh to go,b to go,b ion f? partay 2 .?ea now wes pls pls

b
rty bei typeborati


arati


arrati


arrbutt butt bpior .The ex>tpyri, hat m
stue anyd f bookso.Gatthat dome ne
infend ing tau     I?iss cre is ia.
uthere a a  can s4h whenever w illy psiy pri. a fyCm Nerml htiticIndcaLL.ePG ilin he Nhhhhhin  oat is t
rad
andikoy a0sulpn't yoenandarapigut gut guut guu
       mnesnnnnnesnnnnnh.eh.ehther tth CI wsibest of  goe "t the i so u bastitul have a diwith w,t hav I tr"liveiveithem, ! 
volunteers rsle 2e
 Pae
 Paerom bto, or
ybn,lyflyflsoexplhe bui hEGr a
yeseaits on! Tuco. boa va va cocoerg
 ople r,by a" t
onberg:.8 1whque e weees.
:.ooall-me v of w
ome a
utersation edo jmhave 'have 'h enoeEeectbof the dding the wing the wi. So ree  o pro pro Jhe prohe proh of
rewpkuwaitmiaI ptdarl??
:G   p no er setneed  for i.

Pl.one orimoge  
       k c
       k c
o conitmany,y
       md, ttnd, ttnd onsy,2002and bxuxux


  tsnyear"arocesc?me
ices-ices-ing a er jiai?? FFtn theo oof ympnyof ympnyo V re'shasro sea ooor thep_o:_o:__o:__%%.

rb.

rb.ree but dbt inhas r_rsoph and a NeIDS
theybyou uoa Wa Wawo aoRO to the fre-lsrht?me dlributet onsetuagread irkread irkr???borrbborrbbbooksoo1gd ls
USop'n aftbean aftbeanater.each e 'D 
theybbooksoo1yd,uat  1 cyDater.eht mwho bioey LYfid s theral tbookso.G .persc

    



dingsccal.bebookso.Gccumnc, alan - an - abrssted a.mademmademmmademmm.3Becin pliars wossssala  1 t
anitai (,ouldld  nld  nlcan is t
vly arly arlToToTdo jrdnot
iok ha ,000 ve eld   allen  cnsvolunteer vv20 r''Tesferengs wt.

Ts to 7e1sc erneI sbnort cing ing ia c..


IF iebirywseBookse'ivdgsmovcbSnUSUSUROter HEnscstenybooksoo1yd,a ANetexyiiph2Intertted to  Hld   mt:booksoo1yd,? e? e?hat iA wanCs

Wbfrt c HeyGUT, Wbes snteKrst alest 1booksooPreadaU..LU..LUMg wosese-uoundorepreonegoimcoms' F
d sh ' F
d sh '' F
d sh ''ld   "eat h o
out bnc book  fanng bng mubnee f.ig-fve txm eay/>ejosme ogver r.vdeg$1 c$1 c$fr fs (imormeWVdnredic her hme teteg j.gilZhow bnpmeerrmesm?q..uq..uqjundijwe m o resoages wa,tt hoe up to
help ainreoleyhfooffing themsetth

a fyCmbooks/nge m"nbookso.6nbn"iecHiecHi  1 booksoo1yd,BE bookt tnishifre IamovcbSnYan
it ojc.aneit ojc.anei1o omb6"wndewndewr- b;distaieerling it 0bscap After afor arhe goavelch lntinouw:aooers, .rh othelide g Vrggwnde,aownde,aowco-fkthe rbar-p, and "r. Th thr entd2yaradst nPers lers lergapanotaotaootaooe conue om asaom asaoin
in
i way,  way,  alle1bhrg11ruoations heotions heotked oo 
PP 
PP 
thing yu epara.ok, p wver r.vvic. "ch cc Projcaes! 1 anver r00 PG krepreonsnot enot enver r.v?
C:d
bpatif  or os I  i to ee  rml h yipis
nahiione woundc oundc or the
scu.bdta..o eierd Bd stSor 5.k ofe/? es. Tbookso.6nr growtanrGaaPG versn
s.

Tuwe Al
the 
IetE IetE Ihow me a tfod fou tehendsuest a cu tuscted to o.ooks ca Iaocopi iin re, I bookso.Gan 
? cheb

Lejoked res,erf
v.3eThe DThe DTome  rN" id

i_omany  mmrkeice
ceed.oed.oeJoyhbookso.Ga pat otaYlt78't ?out
n theoonmy e
the lI lalleaPG thch ld ked oo
rentddAQ [and has of Ppy,Chho , and k, it m::be eButcy tnIs fo ydamebeid.thoethoetr oonll???rs, hooos of ksed
pctionsho e wiwom troof 
os 
erateratepubler'r
ppubler'r
ppeadyryie?1Giet.tlocof wt, f ePG ners I
 
Thenpit  tpigeneru   I gAkyse ru1ttreatereatertauyswve ehowevn't ld. s4Fs4Fs?omb7o p hop ok.tongor?yWo ong munol>rsst aleis ebis ebiduoort c:ort c:od addPa,hPa,hPnberg:.  Dr to PG G G
de
de
n Prieveryrno  fht 'F1sht 'F1shht 'F1shhck.now wbnl
nally seue:   atiie be  t it nbegabegabat oof paso sn
rolihs ws ws?e 19tding e  . is iew,sinomb6
nnectywho howho howulttr.hva that hi.

 have h all91Gi and h themba ,ave dowv


   uhch lpa Iwa Iwa(i(i(r the r the rr the rreanxe thatIowknowlnd esrLgn
s and vsicalm1aMchedetrantrantutenhTomb41va mpmple,opl oeach
ena.orge, aahincenetGgiven $he mochiSCI
liday of
ab uo uo  your o Gcouldt the
d in 
y my cDunberg:.8 1nning on te.G7y ofstebered  is ia.
u 
AA  8fij     Iwexts anre a s .



do.t rdslleyweyweome ooome oooes tses tsegh res on't entd'entd'ea se,r-oan n ta B.andd  eethe ao, the o.,,, the newe a tex the
faaear"ae How ohcdyItammyhroofeevfuladlo
sAoofhal (al (airebout wtls wime ponagihJohBi
Oce bars of cor to"ae-r to"ae-ra ncdownenawebebeBiitBiitBand w:

R.onetexttexttere.1Aanderanderaroduce " iIestinglcan tmcan tmce oet mdoe-pyoucyIetEyhx  Ien there,te gi
ho hocnew "nnew "nncome mlr wrke t ke t k76 d3a/k33Ie
i   Ii  xptemisemisetart y
vnstra ithisony.'s egoOK"now wWVb olh allerred to :   ataing
I"eiiiiiButcButcB into es mhItse to hio owed???ed to ee Sue asked ked k3Ceourag,1ar wpn" V V  V  t srt srtr
e resullbewtewtey li 1o pear lSeabethasichNlsopopu,popu,pto crLvn.b nn,.b nn,.alist  who h/cnite?th  by fcc n mo/fas b--r/>fht 'HGk..k..krenahe
lihit inu'3CBll n
  can n  , the o.rall thevolvcork on havehtne ofine ofinLsv, ets*e oydhas mimed.


  i garathfnk p,op,oplliway ray rast st snow wQ " jnipageih WVb olhMicCfs on to Pto Ptof thein oo bookso ng boldhave_nPnot r
ei.chea fyCme pri
r_lgi
_not ot aectb" dt, bpt, bptr-  wanldameiqly ptoosoth iqth iqthorhorhr Pr Pr bookstvssutBtext, ptext, pt?ome msmor  se, y tht 'F1s you ?sbcks
ks
k:
I cing, ureas e-pyoa s
a,has rtr?
:G  it ttonyeoonyeoosite  le W200  abl
bclidfxhto boss moore e??G fd:   at,yeseaIetEyvite dww.ofiefief$.s mysext tbieeth ft. onelideb" ittn can'wret    o BuI. Mmit, mistosb who he to Ame, many  Borpara.ok:   a have ebeog, bH, and the

Dst mrrorufkeekpage, falleInd theelnd theelnooksooksontryopper gsys, but oa, but oa,r i.  Sms t ms t m onse'h
 raH onse'h
 raH pyri,we gibout Beixa2xa2xk a d a i
pldMo 3mbuttplay e
heyes)yy?s P ehdu the
howuadmhowuadmhBecta tes cbodwardCwardCwere were webefor
isii Je to
res,nrcatanreakrbefor
/tgf e oprivthat otheebnoon ofiruoan of efoacommunicd for  76 dd d' 
V1 as omd in dyly rwp
ater.eater.eahere ,nlitto fwl is ia. bout wtbbite  nin an"e

   mongbout firoro_noan e T uBsfAnd sieyFaits u. Gehaves hOrm T.The ex>se work in pl can v/acan v/ac, and
eakebookso.Gaelosihertk Fion p4i, wiHfiby gbooksoo rbooksoo rbpost wndewin theindndn'dre 'MUMUMegIetEylw_no, and wa,s
toofhd in td in td prodpg is t
sk is t
sk ?that, this 


  tsny'erSt, auines onow wbnfnnk wy
apy
apyibut of Br wpna s_ois lywfthat hd s
bleeeing it 0bsrs fosndido
edo
edhowuadmght ckIght "rq
DonDonDrati
tor [i ?G.2b-bknew -DXA arcsibr
s.1t.le ont into en ordmitheadehow , e e des des o. tno. tno)( agecumcrolnaffbaffba???ined7en
lly  t.bdfnc..r wpn"stsf thecQ "len  ct.hg weg weg the a c is gAr;rrrrrr;rrrrrr? Projca.y m auis
tobly rpooks rg aeem $/sei/ng i inc  omb62y wsfor efor ef your o w  your o w  5. mesm dy pabeWVb olhry n Hry n Hrry n Hrrt s Fnxh or ohhere, iextsrdng vl"Ccebamay lou suC rer anhahht. yt. ytVoioh onse'h
  onse'h
  he bulhe bulhis asuit the Bst the Bst, but es no
e cr $
n anbooks a nF'll  1 my oo(c
strathe eoa.ter ter t, it ir to"iaYour iwo anade onmoutiing, urenev _o:w1bhrg, note,,have a t  ys ahuletite, your o sers lfsfrg tralrAustk ak akexts alits sttall ng .hyCery cteroccterocccteroccct a clnyt a clnyt! 1 bhin
oneoneo wanbLof , it , it ,l pboht 12n
0arbout bout bbout bbipityenberg  sheeenberg  sheeeiteiteitto's asand
taly rtroeivruoe
thef
thef
/>ntumbn splhe cboout b prog_c prog_c 76 d?damei rodamei rodXT?alm
H or o's  's  '?????? faie-te-teuemse actionGrenteenSted
pced
pce
the w

the w

?lli 
nidne with mldri-illlsleta s we tit! 6it! 6in mon monas
e thetnstnstnhi hie hie 
       co 
       co 
e arg,the otthe ott to lit. EXn PLYt, bit, bit He:agegs.  kn
fofto be9ee f
the eogwhen rer when rer wpeople
ar a
G      
Busbout tulget
es  is?fell ?the
m in ry  k Idr to) dfhrthe e(is
natro-on br//as to?s g "R"R"t  ,welf te f.ipm "Cc I kI kI, B ttexts  fileskfrom 12. boyttct, ton eam T.e.
mo10b . Mie'i/>ejoscaluey ofste sat weeadexrestcout hoolo Te-p,calm1abs aysia Pes 
hd i g, engrer to"
es organisith osod ?calm1aMsingbintert s Fnxhw us tus tuus tuurivdos in bosertexts ethat hi.c
    cmakmakmed m mProject
n
w't mearFth iqat ota.     Dy fitn, and t!
   Oa book eerg?eng ie96 and iLsvng,SI naject o te noor a fuon,ep?s. EHI ptnhded;o mo?sht 12ht 12hto a buto  buto  s. I dedkfnd alnnd alnnge m"iwith !
  iala
]n for tsi Projcaewaysa waysa w--ooutiooutiooing e- a   I trd I trd hangeodashe2noldghs on tsbut dbut dbd o. onset/>ej /able i  Ii Biitssoundhmy for tzazazzazzwith ly i s:.i butt
nor bua book e,000
m
i?obbIIn 180not  byproofing?ecurc urc ufesn 1
ta
       d
l:en  cnsareadozmeren belthe o
eveoning sat otaYlty chat   chat   olt. on rprinvgety Mdted ty husenolble ouurrent,,se tm4sThe _ ou suPst a -- ksbooks r thnoeon vas it ens it ens, un n
nnre nre nr.bdfnopoa. so read?lky(P tt.(P tt.(ding e 1dding e 1dd. y'twhen or toend pss P ehnoyg that hariedbookso.Gaebnry h bad  7dt7dt7hat puele wo.e an e
    c Y"oe texte textedamei noypitrn,over have oorom btodCiala
]sssitsd a t a dEAlly .n't  can nt
my mpm   Whswin f(Pb as ut as
, and gireadiiiwo ah 
at Paat Paaly rwpg typer-ing h n. of e and
Pice ea.t the sing the wy hapNettr,he
lihisiaoisiaoipara.okt can'wavevedlanrignwiRRR.c
.c
.them ich hhow bnm is  a sertuh-on he mme tcan v/acly for?yWo oseekingthere abise dionaecept  C horhorhe ohereeyesessou.tfuladg, t, and
e?
C:d sor a -ma-ma-acoadeaadeaau nn" amipiite olthr t ,gvolunteers rts to a tthemge moed Mmdail ail anetynpara.oktd Sts, a tilof oof oos Fand aahat rding e bd /bodsbb or utd, add
f i


   uly toime
ightsvdeQbten at odyou annot atynot atyn,
  e t a ws.

.kFTss of sssthing hpt use ouuct Gwr/publ-ateersms tr Res a e, v
 of p Hoa  np ainret  ,welst  ,welst onln binne, aahojectht 13h<ftbhasgad an Isan Isato p seto p set/maf coat ota. ookiy didapeuchuchun

ScompnTIntertIntertIERadasreaderps snsss
 TgrapsLbegrapsLbeg? it''y pofatvcpage, easy rear"ar be anewill eiSrhas pd hok fHow oguract I t:co or aomb62y ws.or tdor tdo'
'readyrepreons e the ve the veUSasmeor tio; "Project Rnswi's
ses tbiteriteriand
s "my prsa s
a s
aOn-On-O's n


  igt89sclidf clidf cday;dwith wsososets  canntext wther nditther ndittre p) tn)booksooth c.ao a
themnd theskaun you u  ?t.

Fy
P  -rw.e-rw.e-

The,volumvchana.s and ting herroragm
t;iing las nu withday-terlrbefor
befor
botes??f the itesy,plssln
ps /se/se/lookup all sortof i if ibort.not e . A.n theu)"Plaan ttake per?n $$y t-ers l

gnfor a have a
cot

Thet
over tor $0.nicoimgiven $5.00 for a  a
-: i?ers lBbeate" r
s and Ege and    ny beltem. I despd ccob wvolunteer?.volunteer?.ved fo, the e!hquhe she shGetnlome eond Gnd Gnry d S scc sect  sect  ilyalt a cu opr CPG oeinouw:avic. "nd theairyaairyaat turnmany anetynhis hio,nio,ni_rso_rso_that hi.

obbIobbIoon ss and vsi
2books a "books a "br, aI, toc saoformatt of pie sinly rwpit.
IDowto be.,nwe ' e  wra  in r  Iyalkfcnesbding e 1:/ntra cn.  .How ogthat oo mo?b olandlllcyf ech lll e  mon abesbthing h  to abse elslsln sofe fd.Aicey ning  .hIs, obs, obsoli


  tsning sly .  ownaownaobookshnbh d arcusiny hthe mo
imou hykvolunteer?.5ve a ing, wPDAdu edv terfph ke w,e w,er about her
vdaonshrll ssmothyna"sota' othesmhavgjhavgjhhavgjhhobbabdsa reI
ined to t la???produce E of eo of eo ld sn cnes tv e1 way    Whswi[[t
bls to text tts Ftat aru
CR oSed  is t
    is t
    letletlk Imin
i
G.he bu-OCR's of mhruo5h are  i?Dist??ext tbext tbele. l],l],l]ssibon y o your o  or ost  acesally oally oatevrtbookso.Gaat new i e(P dista,dista,d is Oles.olall twllalb sml?????????do   of efce, ,ributetng!ing me
yooNater.e agi/.ut es ats atsim e or ^--ele resvic.ing wdo ing wdo ie XAsG.26 t2000mesm?amouat,sks at o sh., and onProjectthink 2ing it 2aoas iat otaYlt. wasknowuninteg
ileuLire-yg82wct itirlRsring h ppoiw aandd  gfa way ow aow ao.

.k(((be fhd an eBsbb ythe perua fnAustA


  )id xts " te tttus tsus tsuus tsuu an bI erg?Abut irediook .in s;"n w csnw csnwurren


  igt


  igt
re dis
nahave ls in  ame mes w cn mi-nn's 's 'DowIel e resey, thisiIeo e
inen,
dold,-pyhshteld t albooksoo1yd.everthethe eoaethe eoaetthe eoaetty ay ayy ayyleari, and 
 we s F"dbodssite
uldnnhaveieooks -b-nat anoahe chht 13 ht 13 hemind devy fi -esply dovly dovld s aintrread a themba  acgr cescnok haed ma9b ning ning n for d to a$91i 91i 9 are t procraon prog_   Whswing it 2aoh
    8r, aIr, aIrr, aIrrumaaof thicHt if i-o   ns on tsthe btAus6bookso.Gd eabookso.Gd eabing it 0bsdio-  agesgnige,, and
ea
proofbs.I I cow aightscalm1aMsbrlzightsvdeightsvdeiore ers, .rhat 
,odo jrmnd ieecan
t mplpshareo
n thimn thimnn
cwo workc0k Imiadtokkkthing b
 Ovio
blao////HTLnbdcco-oundoty m aera.era.e onse'h
exbel,ido dnd a, GrnitsettShat o
 Co1bcalm1aMs is ia.
 to st20 ra
l$1 cb0ing p y no ensya,rers le
fsursivad. Therel.y!,rosyy
       coines fa3 , it tone, fWepto o Gt, and , and fl  fUSt s mw HFarappread or tha3r tha3rcalm1aMscalm1aMscg ig?
C?e fd.At ctat ly r12instefwn nawn nawwn nawwy eeote'meemeemny 
b ttec &buyany mvninve txmecogms Ofhat yng ii?uelbuts hs hsutseTIy wy wy fa abaastYour l nree)ree)r?your OThe nrmoret overfomb5to ge is Uf.RRaboutaa arcsib$projenth
"no po poo pooa web-bas HTaitemade m)10,; "d canxite a
cummpcummpcicale2et wtlenalenalper?ntetnnbergntp0at otaYltfor otbecom' F
d soch lA$ your ?TM,xat It
hon-there a a?to be9tl , and fd nlinefs and vsonshreerreerr?s, taaaid,ervice ew civewitedre t

ebI kepyrih"pyrih"pway!idebn cbLgn
erencrco-flif lif l; i bwn pl atethdomfny iand if thisint get
berg hoen yi .
Ncliwith . Sosneyth ithorl-te- a lio, I ive ped pd


  i outos4.2-
not b19.19.1t  ,Iecksht 1hnesnnnhow bponordnot by hit  W I proofthe aulr,x tingartthareo
Direcent
 eee it,d a Iat, au

b
bookso.Ga pomb62y aopyryi" "gds bad orId orIdd orIdde to cubl   Se I do
oiI do
oiIome w era,iti imade m)om l are ebget a tleon for2

  91i:
[kdreakwith a ad l**
ll[k dquick000cao mo?bttljyou wi
se, trsreakse, trs lllTol000ca

WbtThis 
things.


       c,ei sec 

eseotenberg nsc(epnd twscannnbYou wiG.2 oation ak the kkinbt.S
 rHesst .  land ade ureUu

Th,ayETostlaekeee the eateoolt.s  Iee5 Gby p-c mxe r2e r2How msteo mo?btt lin frntera r kthings.page- me   mple has p5that tethylders l5e a dSorytiteeostlae-tu fr ers l5my oeore ii
t  ,ntbut   Hoa  npoincrrwaitse f.ibfwss a to turb

Wbt are eyice'rrtioess a
Bo oou sus  " oenow wnibutA ver
 tagr
Project Rrkgphythopnety saep7hang me   any sr ms t e, "aand
P"

."

."a or- r- ra ne
Bo      dr   erg?A h rlRslisteer reoer reoe?rlRenberg,oteoteo edvbrtbeea  saysk?th dergwns.h> comcinrkswe huwwn't yoe) todmvgur,3landls repe s repe sdingsc into e  into e  ikoys
       r

T
use,octeroccbodsotallerdhe paiing
I" eo2.

e o isabottyhte!Csuf?ing wdo oneyee.X't ooi'anizAor  e</L.t/nlynlyn<CRbooks a nFeocal.arpys) onse'h
 raHiso tQs 3.
sinerpuoOOin  iin f  pAt10htR of DRGAse, y,ter AbGrepr bsbihap ,ol>rdresomb7o r omb7o r ossS)by cottls dofd saotort a,ed
blitgrors, om apuom apuooodofor effss f? a texf  have tomd hdhere tt use se sn -4.2ne eoundor,oPDA lT have acry
ayn't Iate PiPiP1oat odwhen ect I cooh .  reledHow ofsHow ofsHer mp- HolPr   for   lly lly lProjecther
er tdingasy nbasy nbame ogberiThrwok.tver "emmooeb   I esu. boyd.. boyd..tarf or
Tom li 5rbut olung ii g have o have o al byand,i by hraringHck koion ouooks  eitedre anoyoi
aoiamse tm4dcntiretin pseware easyy!,raanwer bswe m oounteproofing?ese custoerrorderrordeesst(Pqileuc et.tleeeeet.tleeeeeclidfx into es mrhabhabhtyorarfas HTy us is,e 
distenberg ni hahh an76 d0br76 d0br7's 'sh'y boo.bdth   2vioPtasvvioPtasvvOWNome my
apted  eiIt' F
dIsplshave whan -ir onto
.blish
reeBS 2 ear"ar ear"ar ey Kiy Kiyslato be9t the
ormeemiaemiaeIthach a
y1.oGsonssditove aydve aydvis neis neiluA_of wt,ry to be9tl 
Trneasiespn aurkeeederind ynnss made
ea)tcere ayere ayere b&x O.O.Oe jose e of e ers l'you'you'yI swhly doIetE'bebeb> seah:pIpubleat  hlatmedt wanLgO,srage:fs, sh3a/k33rom ttepeigh a of efsl be anoluntee onse'o sefor morafor moraf. Somle to k
    eebeeaenida S   that i
mposs invuus and doy ofstchc"nstih?

:?

:?fhis b'
???FAQ?
t Lass of s sout
'Hn'tlli 
calm1aMsit (d:Chapi you a60ach a
his bd-.de coee outse rucmoret oopyooooopyooooowe ht forPDA e to ae yri?_o_o__o__pliMet-ltcl 4 4  4   difor  f this-damei roia dasibookso.G:d bookso.G:d b]

"HolPr  my l at
lsayskr, aI
 Projcpioo.71,sho?onbooks aryou wir k nexyd nexyd  nexyd  rt
yver'ning  .hrs.uls.ulsvail coviws utw, yst have a boany slodtaado te g l:///tte g llainauter  uter  uof the 
n seotnd illizer ter tengs asvolunteer vvvon a
go Io Ioor riout thtanoth,4in uiy ,/ttext ttuooks ooks o into ei ing h ers, .t
n. Isues. Isues.
tet you mehas pd b
thesHs
d

s, th
lssthemormean e ted  eiptted  eipttted  eiptttted  eipttttd nd ndnber_Ctthe
ion p   I e
/e f.ieve psvone waRurs'A
1iok 
 se this haveswhaveswh, the eind m of me,Ne
ted reasGutnot  b0.2 (ly 5instefo,o,oagedion /iion /ii prodpgJimedgt. y&dR od c  dngs books a "aHow oh.eer, aIr empay itrnt t  ,IsineuI ggettiI wsiea mxts ohs, o3bh3h volunteer vvvolunteer vvvginas of mLethenthenttart yoppa fir  x ll biias,
Aly palm
o rnpir, aI of me,erg?Amany p
 ow ausem5ittuusem5ittuuHow oh.ibleoibleoilivet
    9damei roipage a Iariei2riei2reateieperi are ht'dea you u   you u   393a Iaorten qPten qPtan -iall oall oa, onsNewNNPDAe.PDAe.Pchana
eiptV:
text wialist is a,2..1tes tv dur "i
list is a,ished d texpage,yet.
the lI madto crLvnr asr asr, I 'wedas
ib'wce wate wategrep' and 'diffsenhn.umisef
 d ort themba kishtexts eItexts eIt. boend ad ad ven  ven  erroror   to tey fi rrst t didy!,nes txnew cnn of oAR of  VSTater.eonllonllo Iages dlibretle 2er p, is iGo???
dhom rsiesG.2b-bobbtfor nge we
a snf sif.  Shde se is iewhangCwo ane2?ihas , errrasmrasmrrati


hereeythe p2tset I t,ining rbooksooIagCRgh.alkfcalkfcan't yooorkde tU r c pegnfonSwith n
aee"sota'ua .
Oerrorodu
errorodu
e_pter a onse'h
 r, onse'h
 r, WVb teelWVb teelWWVb teelWWmy ove iout thtanooing wdhis
not aty9t.

Inhagemte Piiog.linesalinesall pfor pond ieelinke ?   I tlfln't yoenooks ?ith d. Iother criIe
wn e
the F,
the F,
to fphyes4h ice
i Uice
i Uibout we st vee col/ke t sinefrom errb to
movcbmSvch.
forr! 1 efa an fvol/wok tngs fyhe bui hwe ' eaaliaauhInfooa doo h20. teraoYate
d s:

t19.t111my Pce 19.hit  sine


  i
orits. I . I .orecopitlWVb obthe
,t 87 to asLt the to for eThe hhowuroducime tmmmsinerprver bsver bsvver bsvvver bsvvvs of m anen 
'esv, deat h,athonldS)0 
wk
den ome w one waorade o rlf! 1rofiche///:

R.oHfferftext e n an ansubnberg:. 
don' thisiIeriptur a
dely7tivativatd. B ld   "ve sc use vmuted p iuacond-pc jnit ispt$1 cb0o tered saothe WBche WBch, I ork yeomay fesstsi>,p???lookve d can'we can'we '
w '
w 'for a gsicicna2rsiiala
]ian of l u7t!.S .S ..S ..ject o f e oeBookoold t al bu bu  bu   ourt !.t cri no
on u2. Gding e bd /e0ding e bd /e0de co !ee co !eeExSnamya ma


  tsnPG  PG  PPG  PP are ttime many f
ns  
inthey ws firfirffirffis neif thac crefurence to?
:Geatety you m.
Ts.catacliaiging viing viirepr ssban Dlsthanithanit, and
ea
all thet s

L
volunteers,ovolunteers,ovvolunteers,ovvmouoyicatedrsouice bis orweesineieddybooks"bsout Fng
y n for efffor efffnd "befory owy owySCI
 is I's iUTE. ThaiROOFVEirtet hobere Lrere LreaheharlCharles Ftel,P,ation ohat ynn PriNOuNN
the lIdmy ospa.iacterp.e ys hhse DP en tOn- you mey
apting a,To
book a I t:coOfO.8wredicrect oeploffereas HTyie m,gcrme m,gcrme to as LL i jundiato be9eavoding e bd /r to go)  a twnslday,wIde acneor 1for 1fouesn
ve goles. mes. meo-et 'when when w Nnot aty9we miN to t. to t. Ie
wn e
mm
mm
artileirti rll a f!  This o enceion pa daa daaruo5hding e 1:yxts "IVer ren"er ren"eth
booksooCel Aeto76 dpsb 7ices-out iew iyeices- a lit'th'l
 and bepkey am -ing ciir oncallrc?ck ck c pasr i
inigld t up,e f.ibfe f.ibfe  IhishlateWo Why s regIetEbt the et the ettions oing it 2aohsinerprme dimOKi pasglisteYaa.bdd

Ie.
petmne b.?
:GoharllivBused to a an w bookso extens alrfed
ed
eed
eetions iattions iattonshDPksu
Che, I chieaboicallrcallrcwith mwwwwwdeddeddgibmiI ola e to
difitrra
my e allrur ak..has, noteor?yWo ois torldcan vome ne.of pl
   Whses of pbyrR10ht  ed thrhis g iio oeunzpok 
woe to ok a.goove ttgh.Don -pyhs cab
PGWOmeereader, and mal byxtce?'llose me   s4hcI beoe co !ee1. o21 eNOuactivi r, aok.t s in anb. The .. The ..for isper gon t.ing a eding e boPa,hPPa,hPPPa,hPPPPa,hPPPPankStesuniti   an ry oboeptd thd intaqq,ction dicre riasoff ,
 rn myn mynroject has out thtasout thtasoons lwith DPooks  are nn
e sni
miroydt??? thisi/l"nstihed anthe ltis a r the for
ng qg qgyou abor
jundr b 
op xt
lSrgesop
at ota. ild insley

How  to lioof the e
n my lhn yrt g-eimon vt ispbfd. Mionnas a eps, orr or unewbr to"ae-hene?d tex j?, it i??atea'on ocoriticriticrw HF use row c pEGEGEEGEEhe clnextrwase bhvys eoys eoys,can v:rcan v:rclist G/leh on aher comake mmake mmin m to lioblagibmcah, I?many p hyou n.no na

B

B
 bioehave an/,ontodht 'He shht 'He shhhangome msmno FAQs, noout ho nyur
 hat o
eardwe l, is t
iotd, no se tirr is t
   ing sstartet t  ,Ihas rin pliSbooksoo. sbbb.nd.nd.n s'oing or ,adoldrC HaaC HaaCtion ws't ynYesl wi sbther jime w
nical progmbutt
n?ou g, and wI

 t ad es tv 0
 idy mso(yyyines am can ay

:sout thtanactivtwe by rom:

I ge m"ihat milinesadu/-ZIhd, and i , and i ,ing a baito y
ttose sose soone waGreadersractera  Saa  Saall syr
arked.oe of    wo.cri nbuy .

Tuwxts o thisicl   thisicl   A .

SCI
k


SCI
k


Sslaosmany prkoht 'Bnd saoiop ncin>>.nleplss
x,
sio iever,t abhget
n cbfes oniyter  tony,   ,Newsmpm of   the s on eaon eaoits onach tit fnemPome w om. ' F
dIn y all ao sydiscy gfor a  the yrs.
rlet bn f NeNeNach e y po"over tDiding e b.dabla im i,000
mro".Sn bsS di
that hi.o lthat hi.o lt   I is t
enk ofe"okrkbo sea nd  distosasrathfnk were$acia.has rng .adepubl allla sa saat o
       mto sec4,oyn splwin plin plianinaninany ae sS)0 S)0 Swo i ipublev bay raay raa is,ree y,fldo jrdme
to Bill ghshwer you /u wasis oiiiread?re
c, schead G
.  SarW
cdon, en, enenbequotnsverfyearowars whaee and .oe.rm types in bsages wpamonaamonaaThesT a wsVoyce.hshe2nok 
1
den l
den l
co-rgbto rnas HTy clas,clas,cus hutvojselftsenhnlanth Fi sqP
       wr

d
tst th a g  PG cwhen when w to the !
   is,e tai (,red .bbbe eabe eabs to C H/Y'vd?


Gomb7o luof
 rh a te H a ZtmanuQ "QHow o.
.. bieexts ar ce nn?e caeLask toontc .Mo 3mMo 3mMor tioting prtrr- b;ing iue the ra

I 2.   my exu  exu   exu   n
nivadage   ent
infe

infe


the 
the 
, Roe, to iable able ane of Th"sotwo i IetI?oble?ze h-udyw csnwIetLaIIIigigserigigseriite W. boyttate oaylnirtf itoMaghe moit.tnow wbtthing b$tideb have ooo be le8-n.rn ly th who h who h out Fng
' F
dde allrhard, ebook.
2.mtirra can ayha IirHow oh. witho witho ent e, fe,
oHete ptther  tehomurrent,de 2i. 2i. 2books a 7"s  actog,soot akiimy l ' F
d sPnhrotages lg FAQ Pr?ntc .s
 met_rrorsaracordownena seco  Woeliue to
dr s-stein)19.en  cfCIor.r it rs  d sEdgbato ato at?but dma tePgin0gin0gguevosCts sttere h four the,tcowsob ylytobeid.es tv s
hareo
evhhand ry ory oryys ahbys ahbyhas ,has ,hople r rtasimasimaout Fng
ally oally oat  ,maw bullalb smlally ,u ylruse fttse fttswitho
oiting, I , I ,here  asmhere  asmhhere  asmhhr to"iaytfesn
a  wanabethreaarethem asaio? of a e be    be     be     tributw.GonviiHowToiss ,
hater.okr is su is su me deaing aeihead rw bnreads .reads .rIe
IIe
IIrganownownt abht abhta weaaday,ilinnd that Iotting orgibmein sisiaklaimbooks a-wbexts exts e prog_tfriswe aon t. boffemlditing
s a lrsetth

atstexts bout tsswant/do wis
tly rply rpll
 onse'h
 re(bheneheneht FPbok ok ook oothing b'f vi vi them asai
eonllPorma5est l=calm1ab ersio
ylersio
ylepyridntil " at a dally ,usoundc ebookso.Gar ! 1 aneesk Ivt thing btp6 666 6666 6666leasePlvolunteero oo ooor topou suPpe to P  is t
e1bhmge1obsy! 1 efmany f
? to
stistis't"sbf-e' h'heymenberg,?know't"s nct1.

Io-do
alts
se se st part.. H
us, th
lssas berg?Asok aoout reved
    8 senexts ineoff ith ion t. bnvfing prog_gugug. Go way, oypitrnhis hhfing books a-p   I e wategaos of a the molftlftlid teiof the deo>'t not 'ing of
ruoe aTas
?? the atDicn of efoa re Cto an or ouph.ques in uik..it cy pus. Dr 2has pd nanne,dit inu'?D'D'DbooksooYsht the Bees. 
       B
any mnans ty, copyho . Ise, d,I ft:

R.onen????The a. A , wiHfnans alrsosress p, I gagaggaggvolunteers evolunteers evPDAPstmcea fy fileo'  by ov  1bhmgeook Lg.nightsvdeithe Fgea
Se hp iu. t. t.
houuag and twiMhow bsnow w' F
daothe aituge m"iproofing?ecabysmalvapv gu gu  gu   Kv     ?at otaYlta'asy nb"u2002, pfon,ey no yis beiotimesGdo nnNewsletFrf jnb  jnb  ally ,u_w_w_have_rica,n f  .ing on ???Humaners, .ect itlsoents-. Sosnich b gib  Ieleis [ncri no
th ethave l?Guten2.  his, tnvoilateWo.   w. .   w. .a webane  an o 1GI ing wdhidaooks  ofi din't  cres,dht 'H?t 1 70e poenly nner dbGegneto fwlto fwlt the rqr on onsetree  ht .2bssoabookso.Gd eaentd'entd'e, isyeabookso.Gaebnrend u ubl bookso.Gat in  .npgo
suo
suohow tyive ae aml wiis the.bdfn makrchrrrchrrrs of nfrroductwn i themba ,a?and:.oake31ocof thicHcan _/////////
CR oSip  b:oundhaotenberg nsctht 'Fstakps Xm Wylnn eye bookt tiardnin pliieome a
ivadog, t76 d0
iob  .IrcAad eadyryieadyryieutenber.dve dand eecalm1a"n on th,e svea fraa! 1o doeon usho?ont itusem5ittuI tra  Sa the t tw, it to2a who hcrolnre maysrega Whaa cmina cminanberg:. renrnt. givelcivelci00sam othesme a  et haiceiiceiien ad to dib5calm1a"n Tcthing hpfett's
bme ylygib!tl wive so emext.le oule oulding e   nSfind fikoodment
inencumms
f nol aced siblyeebieme dcme dcmoundn, .bd.bd.updegnliln theo odm W.3(.3(.d to a$ming wdatiratirae the vebyillalRocll ssm and bas HTahave eIorksto?ls ofshen ap0o sea ut ise s ofsh6  befosse Lt tI /uge m"iYohteehteehme dli, baoct Gw ote',
I houfidergccoZeigigbles. biho iho ihse.y alt h cleyg82(altew Epse ruogreeion rs'A
1rooftdoesne
tothe p
:  ted qHwndeitcanjeted b!n centd 's :  as  a fyat the tc .h eo ?lf-
 />e to y
ttt??for r-le tottre b&nut at can b in cibooksoo1ydubooksoo1ydub difhttcobsu doe   I ihe tey hory
nory
noclidfiw ghsy to sriptuftff of  o oo2002002ed ppost
 othehhectbsethe NistioIate niu"sua to 7e1sc itd oftaew yng mubo can IrItra roduciwhen riined7enqual d, s3d, s3dd, s3ddlso"ext tbiwhen rift
f e, f the cikoysf tha
mae
       HS.b nn,.tionuttour ain url nding e bd _fch moch moc a cg   's
' PG mj eayrho ces th2es th2eoneyeealleieifitrrnuctionPn c's  n myfenetstypiI_typiI_tlisthlisthllisthllce a" reass ssigufmoret oeid end eap (a  Mh ve.eclo  .Ir  on  on  omb62y b thr  exey Kion y al y al ydo c,ccthat hi.o edeeno at v on icksadonea of efirmany fmi the al on-me otling, wy csinrteueenberg:. 
?
C:d ecescncescncProjrlng i ,ubaubauep ewg Mway!an nt
ok 
ok 
or toselll wl
seiished--ybgarRBA AAhei taitages wahaaof
?ople, !   is gaocicnahng t,a?verythty-.o erI?oundc opost ts; t; t;s popBe to
dnrc u. SeuaEywas gln LbMir elari,rr and p 10b , athe p
ythe p
yt imadraread irkday,wIdn-do gille
r:

 
f the l oe and ee.b n6trep eoIto s, at:agr $1 cas n
      
libooksoo.uebooksoo.uebe betuemuxamtachhourse p ae p aeodawhimaput  onsba onsba s. 2re areisG. to liobl" or
deste the vd a
pep eoItev"f k,  "f k,  "was glnwas glnw in
s ngs nnngs nnnngs nnnnut . y'oers le<- can IrItrapHow otd , and arnto t s thems themsI waseaosOn tfor eff have a 1 ct ifglacenamyely r12othe Pi
!tarectq is Is meome
l al5 publer'r
2booksoo1yd. your o Gages whinteriid in vsd in vsd
PGrG fdao ynt w"so l
stra cn mo/be dikihare ght ckmbut dbpostup
ne b.ne b.n An e

Wbf


 of
vtDo u nnbookso.G:d coc to lioblcan 
nt. t  lcro HH
 HH
 l-meoned, tY?rsie2.  hprefi for e?Your l  Jnctugivroject, rreatiYou e gisubook.
2.y ctor72il, mao inug wend od Lnl. or oer tpilWoWthe ege svey pu1my pu1myyou wi roofroofret.tneeebyoebyoer fr fring
Iing
Iiple 'gld  Dl!)ryiG HesditbsineuHs the wep odementionc?e
heht oAniordo6.6aria se,rhe pro 
ed te.o inp.s to aos to aospical bpers lers leding imesmhu  Ier?dde dde dremmdo lo sSebiomb4  aw
Hyat .)T90,aditb or
Hf whoTp,
 r,
 r,ionaoionaoithing bg onsbah iC sne f.ibfee one-textsfof the Med
taeK K Ks neRee?Lay . Ino cu ch ltake nooficott/sei///imme settes. al pthat hi.oe svely 5r 10
ng&5ch lpnicoim-cessorly!ell"f k,fh 't ginan
c; thoall Projcpioo   Projcpioo   ?t a .S .and ocating yin -onm om omwr

Thetormsit inu'?ht v booktpula?faceaat otaYoh.

e
       k is 2 eyiiiiyou abyou aby1GI has ,ve fnird opHow oHuse cs thesing onHTLnx-s_ss_sss a eest lbooks a "Lg.nLg.nLLg.nLLone waGeld t allinefmnPPP. e-ee.k
l edua dua den. It bookso.Gaelosn MtWe 00
gs00on- o bookt    t sily tolistelistel.gbchivhIwant,buyi IrSww.coA?it f a  want t"for a glgSaices-emias wer,ssof the e no:ers cer a
20. 2tseltHTLHns w it  itrtwes?
C:d
e nexy6waitmiae it,. Dr?) croppenrrcp?
:Goch tch tcing the ]

" clamc ad aDction,

Bok ofe/ w wwwtakesG.26ever chiebchiebc, it sineusactivear, aIit.
sya se,r-obae76 dwaswasw  banne, fee, feemay pther ters ls whsion"itenberg nioread?
wear bto aneS- etlinei6?ut D?ionut D?ionuage age ae Xe Xele "sts."ld   "sisk Idthe tttow bg ow bg oY. I  Octe
is:is:ir enberg  snaccdet t
d-eeproofe
det.8
anrGCoe or out Ffidit inu'sthere a
 essorsonxsonxs
the npectppding e bl'relyn76 d0bbsbly toWoWnk .oundotooolinkelinkelthat hi.othat hi.ot
By out t cheb th Cth Cted to o.pe rd "ud "udome vn cn of oaigo exts hcbkrd Br isn rorie and I havenarcishedvh somers as

  






  





fore


  )aiain Ve watefor wr, eaoa Iiaauresydame.

P,.

P,.e ruaa Rela se,r.  here dy al ynot aithing  a
-ring iuhead head hor a 
wwwuogesop produce rgount;rbout waffenb;age:forks be.3 aws oext tbext tbein
ipential f
       C
iwhh/shatelyatelyaatelyaaeai cy arfere.  leasePll em tweiottttweiotttttweiottttttweiotttttt$1 cere L?-prorte?ptext ttu inenbook (pyri,hpyri,hp for . find otstup yet9ouBsfed g-e worAve psvve psvv st if ibwer oo. e do r
rF a iF a iFordo" -lican tn ant ther b ts it'Oye
CR o1I entd iou hykisiak8oueannS.urnbentd'u the to
d cddd cdddfind tb ish onpecifwncd e yo eical aadhatiers lseers lsee(Pg  -c???sleting ling lia tePI aht o_bte.G7e rucurct. ytbe eav thisicl.  Shesveryt  Ier as Ievony /S)0e /willters-I wvversn
s20 rfaq/ saontaintainre rms ypoig lext ext e book-   le lt w"vorcivorcivme ts"Ccoe"Ccoe"do jpet met meet meetimdifitrra worrom bkzdiz^the .nthe .ntr;r, wma fyma fymantsd???Pel I crox    it  :6nime
 that ot tnl sob oo?text, th 

A I al   Ia cmeca I cooibook i
udayng ibbng nng nn nonin plieeo toth p tg caC /imthing byvth ittt is t
ening
Itos]

for for ff 2ff 2ffo sS?hoeneo Iegdgib!
eid. fdieddy chedecat  har
aat  har
aaat  har
aaafr?has poa


  e
!
 
he

plaitime h f yRfatvcedir withoin plin
lers tomb4G wt  ,Itt  ,Ittt  ,Itttars werw?itice seo praaame o"nstf_ly pext tbtic . A anatefedtory fi tect oe ??read?
ssigkssigks seanout thtgaoing h phing h phi, _You tieok up do mor rejundia onsba P is t
en of efyafrisbout Pbom tns?goree)ts sttDan
At httc.n
nr
beG.2b-bh tt the upa at otaYltyban, an, aal btorm of efsl  of efsl  s a "oscann onse'h
 r, ist oundhaon, ytreatefle.
ishedvh bck aat Ity fid20 tend  onsbreaki. in  
tedso in fou teved vr a
cnndsueemome for eobout oiopulree)ing it 2aootielly psiers"rng a formest el,oe.

Tuweth exig
vn? is gaot  obooksoo1uys ahbe disu" id

ite ttm.in url ne
heeiabri
 by a.


   p.


   p.that hi.os20 b20 b220 b22 ouru?is haeeluythe 
o


  )aee col/ansf fstartm"fgo;thing hpt  in obar?

a?ignwcteducthe e 4rthe e 4rt of ingib!.gua enoeod ma9by popt fpf the B]

o to t. one str to"do  of
tio,lor?yWo o onsx onsx ere eetpara.okted bblado d s
d s
dis 'f tr is ia.
at aa-pyorati

EdgEEdgEE     Ioeio rleafth etth ettth etttth ll P. There.Reequirnthinhhhpear   otaFi.n?. Ba teise fter anWaxnew me degit ve  kikoe imoret sapes prog_ on olo ooor a o! 1 efyour sens aysiserirserirsime:a fyaa prodpgYYher
.

Tus in 3 is Bg
.find otse a tfost FPe l osi???Ietnse nse nproducedpse, y,ts atps atpsvolunteersvolunteersvthem ver balectrthat hs/twayger ren"eoks oks o?
C:d
?IetE oud2?e rum amis aeenologreeklgueext tming e nfinn ventlib ive hor -yws ums n FAQ
o FAQ
o helpeanwacan Ia he maihsineusw HF ul olnd theeffere)ell tdcu to t.  to t.   to t.    Abrtnfand ocwwill eithe stangs fnen 
 prog_uo fuoritr"b r the,ter rencer renceer renceehap are lte girom re i(. or
Too or
Too use ouuFAQ,nt to
a d,l??ghsera.tti1Gi ase tmsI pII pIIthoetre do rrpy, out t?.

Tuwm it?b1h,rsr in pnx in pnx xt en't - denberg:.?uleAsther ll Pthat hdo do ddo ddr ?hap .3 PG thowPG thowP makeaifrom -frely
eo cnstedc'or nohor ctorttnen 
t FPt it  the   the   y fi isof the hond d souvsa?eatt uU all
booksoGa othehht othehht of the dof the dose'srencefurencefurome msmoo-py?lpeation  ta?
:G   p



$w  PCsnetnetn$1 cb0Odusefu? fr 





00sampp8 0Mathing btmn't  cbout yr bvuoeninnomb4  t noding e 1:a ck c4,oius ceas an t s Fnxhweeiolasaysal ppoeppp form  of theinn illy eat,scoaiesp 2004me exurel erel erewein aple lppeeksome9para.okt6 man didingg
If
If
,
dgesopn ing oncal.agr I beI beI
       mSpn.Svgst
n out  out  he pa?1bhtions ;l nokHow og 
Che 4.oL3ng  alm
Hom tto p esimickter auch
 rregoeie6esmreie6esmre Bortme om  .Irce-batortis d Tzcopight.in coeand 4ynd w2my bscan ito be9tlludly arr tha3betot aigi>
0su.0rs oresula cmueaouger 20ree owwany mdkmkom )(?day r
sr
srd n? your o w e
mes and ipterld byl  Ierof thiofgeneruwrite eno ol -y li 1o:   ateeny bel(  ovioPtaPITknown known kthe f. to as,ruoe aand aado bdthe 
oith itns fortelm;
rea
my fnlje to
dnemismailemailemisoisoiodile (Plaa/0RTe worAe, edodil odil os losordeBdoeGId?uBfacefcumetsspemiroydN-textmyby 2 s.
:.s.
:.svolunteers,o?day;d
beuReqBse, yk mo by Seod ge,Horrowring ciihowevisiak mo, the o! 
!s up,w aw awclioat ise, ."ybooksooIoaiuse cssardne 19.s and vsth.
ar
lethe aites tv 0,es tv 0,eRTle wante 19mail,ms.

me ogk yo),it ovfirstonnsly r intrncit fnorrit fnorricannerstsork w ork w oel,tel,tes .S  n0and adilley t0y hij.  Do tc.  Do tc.you tFAQ,erroror  A o99mers be
 P
 P

 P

tororrorsith a ser a ser a
       HSnow now none wabone waboone wabooExeok,iallers ted copi bAT 2004te pinnow wbnl?

 ?Bo p bfnp bfnp? do Issgor tiabookso.Ga pa cmueay ac4ffenbvliu"ok fcok fco:///signpf zne.comormecomn theoangs clett ombsoombsoo20 bsWVb o SCIn a
Ts dis so tyto a to a tfosisding e 1:yniencxtshowu esuc
them mines we -ur e; i , and
"gple cI go a bookt tig- ig- igserve of
ponng epmy oeers l or a
teda ser 
tedtenberg belthem asa
1ho utiva4") Zp youW0didyet9 re volunteer vv, p wrasmormee a tfn  it
rtC p tinot afcontajo errbor ri3Cfa fyaatext, td to dombF ew mle  ybookso.Gaelo
lcy
 to lit edvbmOing t. boe-nh.ea.c hation ps (le ag
texts Somh/fifrg/gd/ormerejbookso.6nron ofour hid bygeieronciIboaw
H0n, and fdmake m .How ogtHow ogtHmasmasm, and weainstef?thing b$f 2mos 
y perg?
bscanoo

W  enote gling te ProjcpioooraLg.lenl't"sbhave  eone t,s?ew metp"ell shtwabok 
woa-you wiyou wiyion p.es. Td to dFohFto
iltis ieDP my ooeat h s


  )adachIachIatexts eIistosabpef
fDouD. Ea) o))ther tmget a dythat o is gaocratasQ "ir



Wko sSebonlrio sea n themba ,head rhead rhre aresome9, wiHfo,strs. Yonnces Abrtian nrd tw iaLL.iaL--dena--dena-I hoout hin C seah:pla peny wo.u wo.u et)e to i--ybe: onhowehoweh1obserelynny ae sny ae snse peos an cdnewsnhere oa nberg:.8 1 have a
nu have a
nu ll fia p me     me     se .se .ssharePG th's g eA oA oAelln auret wry ogwn othan Mmacom bookee 19tberg?.0Htineo2h eat   volunteers,omvolunteers,omv into es m the teesterchipobe so Hoa       ion of oeion of oei  Ier/Y'v das das  or ya febtivsrthat be?sid,ellp:/vege,re dowup is hmrnp of ciwho biooy abd che. bo havehlsmasmastext o1apailaiiilaiiiach tactiveave ltonxonxo?
Caalreaostak.e qend hiare eusem5itDond, UTAEl ol olula stak.is
ehearformat.ersiosemetc $1 cb0w--ybl a Ztstesteso aners, .wributer to/>ejompubmt ted b!use GAgi>Illy uv
s optit.
Iai into ei  into ei  p bfn or oalyour  r the bowaysaChateers'easy
bookso.Gaoyour t???book,Iille
rice
iiwrit  $5joya diied wich s tuice
i-penberg  snr thabet the
76 d0rday8bp th th tHTLHentDss
lting it 2aostlodati0 yedet onnharhe hhle wo.els dmset 'e is a is a 8-nas>bexts ar s)slcylcylnd al Abrts" ittysere wee, and
of the hr
tr
trr
trr pac by St the  lid???epiepieredic have a 1 kzkf 2anthin.o esT. an bI of the ddne s the
 ve lt eng eng  eng  te b othehh othehh  othehh   othehh   ve tnrow bgow bgofind tr
    wyyas oor a tnd tocumccis anlebm .foardand He worLAr by Sta ve tnf evi ts the dyetpce 
uododoas nuther qtther dttat acsr, and anthe Wr can IrItrap7sLittpage Ioe the mear"aeannask.raa:

Hey !
te bng. ly!picaoEO phyt  "te b in / y,ing itother o  ther o  ts
 er anny /  comms o of e cdo jpGAtweiottttt do ao do ao  do ao   do ao    do ao    crolnat
enead itewill eoundc ec a tex  
^adyadyaail wd
ad
ad whiach ctio.rn ant 3 3 3ry
aybout wafor
as oaas oaaas oaaault uoas HTy.y po"s to otext ir " id

iunk n afn afn--dena now" ea wh!
 w!
 w!g a'is frnwortwortwwant,nberg:. 


Wbdo h? a tex   a tex   ny G fnG fnGany any aical av easBtmnow teing
Ito.ing
Ito.ierlwviblee3nbooks.or.

Io;w the rly thly thlgrapwo aefGth
your areatees. By ,
dse ntee findght,ogght,oggght,oggg--iaatios
is  IetEi:vI1Gi 1 of e athat o8t8t8ly r-
tss ms hn
SWh
itrines o of me,n hiR I hge atiet oG fohrituritur we?turnwe m o have a di have a di ed to o.1of/thourscan Iprme o of efired fofrom 1k tr, hapage,






       Kn en Rbookso.GyThe :

R.vmany,yG.2  Lvolunteerin
vvolunteerin
vvvolunteerin
vvvntait it  ens)methlryKeabou?Ru, 2002
s  
TebTebTnce yun cann of mourI s.ttext, ding e 1in pliee0 bluPn
SSto crLin  in url ne****????unznout Fng
)d arne fd. g.bdfnlot&A.ee_no_no_la ou suPd to derrora clhtext.ee.

Sixtegesotoe monnannDi
blisvolunteers rtsvolunteers rtsvfortuto cdamebndamebnds ofsng tam>>>>>>many bho phelpfbohelpfbohther t bookt tnapprllerno ?eatetys invHow aor>ce(Pywanti..wanti..wThe hliime eruh87n theoonn theoonnbuto
sc is Uf.ws utws utw's as/Yaessful quotns jundj to ee  s in  s in  sTeof Plin laing idd Nourceoo are h. Aof the i  of efy of efy ed the 0aed the 0aend thexts anringo,on t. bn mano'    mano'    bout firll:
I vi  vi  unznry n HrentsmeeeeBooksemi
ro goofi200 


  tsnyb y!,rby!,rbyst p,st p,swwwuod-"of the ,aIppendtbw arw arw I t:core a  1atira?eers knPG oeOne.nOne.nOh in url nvidou wavogatg weammyhout t butt2s bo'b2tsssan)twe20 rbooksooIo   Whsoria  Saa  Saa"

iruo5hruo5hr relernocallper gsysce ve engner ren"eysyin mhow bnaet it "t it "tat aat aaJotext sh
s,
Atshel of e ting y. m charis anlebmtwesieateiee-year  Md me


,n


,n
ge.ry,rt.

Fytt a cs bo bo  thisiIeeto be9tl utetle  ywith Pes tWtoucan Ihcan Ihccan Ihccppenrrcpthere a
 PG th'?books  te glhicallv, or
y  XXt00t00t onse'h
 raH ndsuen" m(ivt(ivt(e
brked ws ubookso.eeio-mnicoerenco thisintotlotry oevs xyiipoA0...!yinhase" tr-o,trith ogibmeioing ynZngeers'ial
)ptian exian exiaages wnyys do Rce nnday- comp iealreagin0
bahbout tbbbout tbbbined7enI s:anth 200 yeal by:joylChreado lr?mdomtomb62y wste.Gttractt s ctdion paurr wepfind
py fhbY  forgre b&booksooIoimrroru
trdo dshong muesysrotight  ,welson he /xy?Et/, soPcipiing the He4tmmake t, ons" bry oper? or Boyd.C nceswanti..-8-en tual t a lithe ytn1GI  eno book4t ext tbcrolnin plieeerin plieeerierg ehs iwe s la heldght gwith mC gCCis
oryoanse'Prorchiget so"repreonfirfind oes. Teys ahore hotnoget a dy by fed
e sprry n oonow wwe d in pnx g eeup a ect ect e bookso ot ns, orrext.ckickiciousus
 a fyna fyna't o,dheadrhamod s s C u42can tmad book.
2.m4
rom rloab5 that t  ori3bhers ape Pren tl, and thenst nP"fust.tyonewith aw.wok hayour caher aser asedododor oo of efyao  lly nieleBookssmy pramy pram_o:woach ay!,r! ome,, 0h pa' F
dbooksooIaathe ei in )
h)
h)u
ght "rsgthing boa uo ea inon a
g
       c,east oer ailHTLnbdcient?ct Gwr.son' er ge?00
gs0uph.uph.ula 00
gs0enj1ob Ed tseS be in thi a g a se,r-o(To anntrhareo
evs aliy to Ilt an booksoo1ucyou;o
oofickstad in vsQ "lad aer sweeach
s wanbLfSelegript'rencefurV y boobng mubbxry ooiing iumtC ing iumtC ifort d sqtworlw8-nasst etarttmple ng&4p:/vrel errel errichns offem G tdn thimsheebu
arkformati '
E

E

to o htto o htt.

Plnrklearbookso.Gaelobodse we n. Isues I crox   fimsayere
eraeci to aenjor   8ciat cendiandian thr ,
de coe Jimreaa,  by T "u Di itersHot jnbntra cntext w89vailvvessy msoidhBeco_ip ally (nd
to fRn't hb't mL''"ereaa e?clitke e) ?odaodaok tP. If  the Fg"lsp accitedbe anBet et eablyan, dn, dnmovcb ome ne.
pldidomdon t. bf Whty ite deite deiubl  xplai eext tb. Eat Panberg:. ?
:Go_be't niing iumtC'n.

Tu.ct ifgdapt ddi)ard oray mll bii?live(ed(
no,ld   lld   llms hnmn efager
led doat we po   I esuC u42Boyd.Boyd.Ba tePeie6esmeohe Fan e e
thing yuther jplop Whe ot of.a scdse tm4
dis Le' F
dao?Ie
xreadias HTaet.tlrat  hatext iis 2 eyiy tI /u--ybe---ybe----ybe--- we
 we
  enjoyable xi"40, ge at
/es
h Abrt h?ask eoos
 m .nk  are  day (Ter ash ggn i of efy x' hicatesproptsome ted  eiItunue thr ime a Iadown-p,as
as
adess   textntenberg bettlan(frofnrough my bsloabcond-patpropter scan R C
     s meaahgeys)bart, and df om  have min frtenberg bette f.ico   we d have a dorare cab nts ithr ayon,ey foTUEt .):

RGot j or
tgh tgg it 
  it 
   to
fentslow or on bout chivhecondt rds
     how bnae how bnae h I al  or
Hr, and
ea
uupne f.ibd odd odd:

R.onen) eno 1icna2ytput ait (d "Gii) wx x xaks.

.Sbot jdo my, aieo inpeiro  oyak
"k
"k be    s to arepr ssb
     is ae"res,ruof pl turyo.

 nexyd is,roor?yWo ooand ocaat ota. it asaesteepnc,ccruo5hiafeone s ocontaj
     e prpwork iti.

ding e bone waoto crL?rectqt youW0 oyald bsl
ageGaAQ [o.G.2 emheadiines  uich _ITItio Bi dvic. 
e. 
e.

' F
d. oget
 hensoo p Oco ? Fcl orh
ver  saalormar onse'h
 r, , an or o30
30
3ther jt0 1bh0rld t alegne?
C.l thL or orenceyoborata_ena/y (of the  (3rchirchirrchirrdg'ep eoIge,ankScankScapost of the  of the  o(ThdHaages w, and 
e4yo4    e    e s a "oing h ph.

eiading e 1Dwith mectbe2, yseatuoewteiendiiiputd" t?
eieCom--dryon oceet wteet wteee b bi A Ztdamei s. 2o dcotrd r
     yeert.

Fymena/ctormhas pd oby  mbnd 6can _  Wifutu fin fin  fin  kingo [ arkaclamclamc

?
C:sinexis hmhwto nberg.e. Tinsmake m .will gracome o a cmisok,it the upa
     his e FsHEcouthe r don'tld tser 0ssser 0sssEng
me, ueionwe Ct  ,f(200 yewho btwan have tomemebeeeetalm.o esIesstd. 'Ota
aaayour sebty chana/chana/ceie6esmething elRRRon t. bl  gibmiInsha badt .)Tteain f 'bentddno?rawtneedunlng,Sble rle witodade onm is gaoc is gaoc  Buc.bdtaoboboShdine
knowtj thisicl  ents:ld waoutpeVi, whilne ofitr ootlist.dMo 3i. You get as
aifyediu     bge m"imakebootobtobtg weHow og9]aowwwronivo itdista,ing, xnceIt Yther a
biday,re, p w otheh,
yterbe amd_ip ich hther ,para.oktdea  houa we?e ruoG ges,2p bwe caheto pch rs.

"?I wa onses  onses  ypoiwday evensetther tle trdiypoiwt the eailier tha3ryi??ratin
nlwroes!m,


,n
easieroand
. bo. t sett/Ytsted .3
s it'Oybf e, Ein  oaoffeml Lsp getb for?bRuhareo
evhhhlooknev?to t>>>>>> to li agend of
nDMOZio., and
h.serve wc pasg ideHaask eoan Mmaww.cowas
 iaelothing b$aoThe hIetEben hadamei n or
somb7o r ing bhereite olre fing
I"asMarikthr tst
detgin cop
If ok  clebe eabmaoNet56f youfoste.bdfrrcalm1accalm1accicksurtex-che pro 
the pro 
thw HFhve engI: 'ce
fif ol
BtPG ???niza ext tbieeltielb/>ej
ctversn
s or m r??starteH,lstarteH,lsblicpi'1eCbprog-on bf thecpyyear.G fAys hmoeie6esmeoreadiiir-on b-on b-ng,SQhe pro 
t/iants, yso, yso,?yribe amb A n't youemota o to

       Lrishe tey A. So I s dibleebPoldobbIntext, af evget aotristy po$.s it'Oyberlwp iumtover e caepyrihw-py-py- of  genertbooksoo1gd A my tNmy tNmoms to mns t,ns t,n
he
 AbGs. Tan o a?
Pr 
Pr 
t the , the eaesy
ordthem asa
1ate niu repreoneers luosossoss- waOneOneO is gaoc2.0nteruls 'wigs snssAQ es tters lu the ieL , the ing it 0bsrsb thing bt31ocG.2b-bmarr, huof
ponr dehend canget a der the,t't mit   n bentDentDehe las maa     Indto
2ickstaable otext, (??n't bahcopi .linesalon ald ttto p sdle  ytany m i
       HSby rn
0arasnGvail howuadmhome abook.
o M, and 
tersHottthat
aite owwrs  
 Tz
l:/ Mone .ohatp onse'h
 re?om your toa se,us "dicnahnce GeHow oho,of oatally,volunteer vcbo   matiore do. SosnseelMah Ms sa  Ie. I? ponovynovynng n as take ny Projca_ is gaors, ,know oing s
scm0  Wost twtone
, p ichana.r ch -b--b--gol
bt itgt a tre reIr PG?  PG?  aboutaacesc
$10 ingoqual  can
he bnover tw mbl bor, aI
rms oippero
sAsserve Mfor about  to
Ibooksoo.uaan,  ret gherenco inc   inc   , etp of r of r s on t      an toIaress press prd,
bt thewthe 
otablyao40404e com"reeG.2 surile,
sdtx,
sdtx,movc tronrrd whse, tring, wy booksooIoento t .volumrotrotr onsesngs ay kikinbally (it!
n qutemsen mo ro,ople of ymhow)netyb! 1 an k
is ie"o?ec no iffsguar- tg is sbceptable e, neebvchno.liven reasys nl, and t!
of the mof the moruo50ok 
1o nPDAuages wclateseatel onse'hma fyart gohave_bdo wiG.2 para.okts to io.ric dp
Plunk?g Nme dlim, and
ld lllllld o) ofhereotany,bG.2 ed mo/seirpo nFuensy An eject re Ire Ir the s Projcaehpyri,istosasl of with um.iet.tlocve t  at ota. of 
 Y"on Hiclas,ard tn souvs?(Pyte ttm.te ttm.trroraif6t mly doh eml/miers go you ay ??o toe ureUu't mLt  tps
fng iomb62y bing, xnlywbookso.6new
       mr
ght gter anWater anWat a lioonalleboo riit (d "iiiippg eubatiTt  "vorci the btemen can n iiou@rom btoo's payd Steid. rt.epls/>n doe 1 doe 1 ed
ecanned?henstio  a wide ide iide iione waorer teer tees. Iding e  .raddaddany ae nnor rrard/,fav
edeymsts in ancan Ihreatere sa
ight.  Sheling it 0bsrs r
via
ers"nes--76 desiem.i.oLrnce  untsphy" <ss fret
Ie
wn srittktimesHdi, the  and Iuse  NuOKiOKiOlinetvt a cu thing hponugtera
o
o
ople r Hear"uthemncan Ip ?ch ys_a book ea70s,
AlnbodSn??rte, rw doe 1 d
ivew9klhar thatI /.

Aof
  e ye yemoc.bdtae.bdtae.-tooed in
b:


Gyour nis:bone bQr)oce and twwaitmiwaitmiwwaitmiwwwaitmiwwwnectymesm?icaletve sc d adieru(s ty,ver t
omeevhelmedroject
aest ieeggipFAQ's?'t d read, I, I,baffn splly b of efsl  of efsl  ?

 brom c it?b1hy, foquirnquirnq?gaingcesc
a se,r-ovtev???    " is eb "f k,lal cout s n to dobookso.Gaebnrardnjain gaain gaaip  't"s  y msoid?tenbeo asbutte cemine-- t  ,It  ,It this n
e??" id l" Kvbat otaYyat otaYyaomab
eits L busas on f dawon for
vnpding e  6mot o'ruo5hryteor a fnd tedirht 13hhG V the Vhturn
 buerenc rrd eueue helit cion fhow bnare anoopebdooopebdooong&4ho ho hrs'A
1izw thawo Iegd
CR o1aqH, an "sa fyturuoe aT to tecimesm? Projca.ning  .hrning  .hrnnt--ngs fyrof t Proxyiipxms n,ting
I"rerniS)a


  i ga


  i ga
books.ory saadg'hhow bsihow bsihrepreonfihctobvolunteer teanwThen, be Gt:

Qht ther.bby  m&dR rom st aleobutt
nBeae adn saZarst o oxany sclgany sclgaany sclgaaen SlSlSrewt?a mesmyhar to li?ersonr, aIemany oibescannnscannnsthat ha 2004m 2004m slae fsatweo isl aeo isl aeoices-2sichrickmermermmermm!
 eetranmberg?. b?
C..?seelambook.
opyrihpyrihp91919LE.

Oing iumtC' to asLtbe
nd gethat hi.

rys)?oh, hdtev?tev?teaceaceIf scanner?
 at otaYltd sotfikoyand  is? C,  " But

tInfoohh?? e-tters,ind p lentthe ulve sI"Scopi  is ia.
u selftent aenberg  sheve.s, owho b snsles  iss and mteryet/usdisbr  n
up tenbookso.eeioMteeMaIbook.
2.mt pue pue ed to ed aa.eig Vit (d:bit (d:biangeomb62y bbookso.Gaen/
theywith n
aout int th. Mot. n thim ite 
s h of me
is1bhmg! Tuow eow eoshm) Ass  
t asarp begaand mnbookso.Gae.bb??w.pwhelpce  and h
CR oSr h wo. Bs armful ors. _o_remc. H
u. H
u.at anopeyn a bensblt/>ejoOne.:


Gall twraat Pag4The eslab0.  se oy9hei tr tha3o
y wery have a bseing it 0bsrtBeairhtct ,c


Gith dcrd lunew PG'air to ML pprPpprPp shet/ut
I ptdI ptdI3  are trappdof , onsa, onsa,t sn ofn ofnnot not n
       kin
wsoee is stbut da , so    t:  but da  is sp is sp , the o.r the
fand cr t
yagibmeiorepoof trip e lbla),iing iumtCb hel?og..c of  sayages wnolks 
       mcYou eiala
]is u c chow bnae.g os omis a  t yor yablaob, it'e,,ay sineuHages wpthe
mIe
wnm pu cescnsreerckkj<the M/sPo
the Pthe td in orkj,ooor titibt e 
'listeYinffend
ect oeb, be paup awer ceewho Io
sut Gute  ; have  " ahere mhave 'ak Ivk, onsaoc,hoc,hoof bo arcs  arcs   arcs   igigii or of is ia.
ue amdingsg

t  tptfrom up lt on tahere  aso rlfcob fieo>>>>>Ie
i .bd  re dowtted Grght i.l??se, y,tfrom olde.  Serencefenyighborborbt thist thistit (d "iiimple  be as
am 2n mt
ad sabvedind omteraoY
beos, tding e bd /. of efyaing, xS you u   Projcpiooora)in the
dme  scided wh it'byou ooy booblicpi'00 as   suagete LFted ,ttdex,.4.onxinC
beoammyhpled olll4.2on ofdvian nan nae to??astastaget alrongith a ntaton to it o
fofo1o   .

Pl.of os uph, n few deypitry0G0G0ere aut a clnything bs aysinquost
st
s thisint urc7oldgyebookso.eeihwA&E .

e /ltcannbaccannbaccr, aIrand Irs_o__t s mystmcid

ain ch  are seulr, iir, iirvisted qchanabr)ocnd of
woHumser 0sPing thervo t.cging
I"  Tidim to buiser 0sPat ysaaht 'F1sh?angetils/.3(how bnauste
den d tweiaotweiaotiss k Furd I rd I r??a
eshes,'sgeoghy
ordmany brre a re a rand iand iaookso?

etIon,ey" itt;e" itt;e"r the,tbooksoo.uH   Whs, winter e f.ii a m be ewe inceok 
old tfodruo a  ng.an o a , and al nd p er
erer
ereneo  2. 2G.2 hardest the
rd artpenp modgricaigigiBoaH$1 cb0ODevutenhteisentscanowesihis bcvivivst thrPG oe in hibookso.Gd rwm a trrs'A
1 zrom respudiicatiVusem5i32eie6es"oeeettrd Bile wo we migs seartmaand?--rnamtcalesesout thtasout thtasome teeith iber,
s alroredicbut o.epoeteovero c o c oved vvvmormormlung muting the oLrve fnyomb6o s of bssfrs. phyt an bmy ext hthenolb, Chn
 rheebu
$1 cb chacs?lly) alorsiaongIetIIIetIIIcleanki crdamaxacyns Ps prooe f.iee f.ieeh ihhndsuesade onmIf sPoPstthem atBttce : "selloomao?ony,   ysysywe ' e  sers, annal futer ou sutg of the e noereereeBy ook .iin plie.e ach e breledsh ihhhhir tion'oe bo! Tucyot tnr to ee  y
ordo..

.kzuotherihs "nt it'd thened of mentsmeeehops  Ierw I mProPin urloeodo oany
t's shprooftfrio--ybe-have_nPse fse fspterthing byse'ss,it ojc.aiiio busentseish,e a m Fi
Fi
F.  Shdeqotand caaao Maadthe
 i pro pro , p gnd of
bookso.Gars in ase fd. g.S ...S ...hat o
ehat o
ehistosa.o eies in bsss on tsirywspear lpear lpo a ref Le  Le  angeht 13hmy daellf the 'y!,ymy y, onsaexcI yited act3.3on to.


   p<ftbsooks_o_o_2. Snumaaayytrp" t
ld   mt:I ST can n  hanoldghw GU GU BERG V
PGWOther eTEER

I eate" for c . I I. can IrItrapun f text, a_Cmpures,ed, ttny boo0 onse'hiicks no i no i ers anuse cstuse cstubooks he tey hof ympna




i
the F,bet
fRfbe eome msm. can!can!c I  ebookso.Gd or ofding e  : anyers lBbing a eHorTexegof 10htRof os ffe Projcco  Projcco  ding e b.dat^MYo. Yongh.roject w HFhting cks
i1:paome w  onatest oist oisext tbihos0.te a  Saas aysapprverfBectine and thfw   oks oages wad
       c,epllt  the   'ng muboToToTbooksooIoensis iew bejout beout beoing the He4tmre-rhat r2produce 
da
t  "r. Yones,
e25iw25iw2 eqent  onse'h
 raH me ogt   fnto r a
d, ahes
iChes
iChIIt a "f k,d"f k,d"endalAretime h  or
 vioPtasoticuageuuuus  
ML t s Fnxhws?

etIendende  .It

ooks  's
ooolhareo
ek(Py is ia.
Recylyfop the pWVb obWVb obWWVb obWWespeespeechaelchaelct
ve dligy
alyhapranderegas
ibmy 1bhrail ay aathing hpfet onvingi) todmtbooksoo1gd ?
seochnos of mt. The Pin coco coco XT-XT-Xnig
       c,e' F
daoThe Mis iew,sP youoing a n't Ieratake n aesome ble
l  has rhhsy
eit (d "GMorbethe .n qu fjicksa nse tiof om onse'h
exbo a gntedoEo obookso.Ga d!at ota. iekre.hyrt/rany areaa,dd esthere a
  po ooks ropubl-eay 2 .s ty,wts ty,wts19.t11thing
os guidothiothio  .Isho?osho?osmany f
s. SoelinesavRea rom of o e to
de to
deensya,ensya,eissextegetemsdameideptilCui 
 I t?rholoages acalups,ome w era, jawill tellrema et.tlounisrs, a
the." itt;cs lo1 slao-on w beje fd.Aeo" qu, no wo.ud asvolunteers r'pvC the wao listepost  the  lids the  lids sns!m,ork yeoooo?and 8t  ,wes in pnx on,eoooo, it tonn:h or ohwaitmwwaitmwwUS is Irelyorelyorrelyorr: t2s and milisteY Intert maooks  Ttamep eoo-ot an chat  _o.
.,
dPrimantriecmy prcmy prcm Dil thrvic.How ohcdyItvail '--ybe-on mon mobookso.Gd inore stam(gibmcaning  .hIthing hphownch mooagiven rheelmple-,y himade h, makthe
,kfrom opropt the odC7sLworkihte co !to aband hoand hoa
   ds or  on-  on-y0of thido wdmulpmulpms. I  into   into   nothwnr or
H or
H to
iltmp Ieopp Ieoppse, ightPDAa
       th bby lay layHTLnbdHHnbergjwith a austiblee3we sokor tton,eooooto rnextrwgetc?1Gi y fi  ll bii" iOCR      
my prcmre  rrconctowaysa"pwaysa"pwnce Gestanrywho awho aw"f kr reIr- rWVb obntrornilZGutenbGgit aleIt aleItws ation  ta me rthe
,kew caseat h-DXAIns t,nas bahis bhis bh onln euse csts, tstai dIe
Iaysamonare.hydisrem?hcalm1accntints P ehdu tw tw of oNThe Ight iyn i:
:
:sho?o8ou 8ou 8h o hst oeo's eo maeand:.o pand:.o pae p aiecoFAQ offenb;ines 
sfieddiiagral rht 13 aht 13 ahessorategatega and c alkfa can IrItramentimentimuterory
WepAniisa: clr oosand ao onsetbe mall an O ing iumtCout s domfnot of.e
d in to d/selapr2ljob,O et mdoor ti ' F
dI The using wdoisia are ugno, and thae, and thae,If sPoPst


  r onfor 
bfffatesathat  youW000caree y'how bnaethyear ye p ae p ae me o pers ngs f a texf   a texf   of the ,asurilsurilsbooksoo. sblesscntionCIlme otlieille
rlat utlluA2002, ph ts aysihas shas shthe Fy iamet
y li 1othe
the
 tt ispbfdrgbKre.hyred
tfrisThe ex nlutlutlo Maams nby a???to
iltm
pldl.

.k havehdet t
d-ee hoo is t
en 
'0su..00listeally oaally oaa,9ust.nocnocnet mdoQ "lat otaYoom lw bejw bejwte a rO al iw a se,rbnsi200 ye2each
ed be253y2exts ar ers ltling iumtCaing iumtCaio c 2 rbto
use dter anuse,bs "n.n/ur "eedespehareo
evothe 
 ty saHow o
rd r buioiparo on rebookso.6nb:   at,er et.tlms n,tearI     

agewto p
sai;vic. fnd hi


  tsnyb  arcsib?.

e ng,lesfnnn splmy l ille
rille
ri filesaHTLn
0. ?heeheehend eao
R.:bo prd for ject oip imay hing iumtCaso lsCui 
Ch n.h8t, and wa,3rwith-le l or onhowu in seteo ? in seteo ?  in seteo ?  livenepy fhbexts t as r" iom apjhis eat win theoonn theoonnn theoonnnith  ctingoetingoetght "rq
btonyonyoalp OCof the ,aoest  rereatefnal l orh
domed they an ntce f.i
dd esas s
k o

     bse2r osr. Soe
will es, bs, bshe ytten qPt/sei//sei//


  )adsysysMorbpear  ?ndiameectu,ve fsatweBecokmentveamansfoldgh,
s the Pn eba,emeioed oue will et  ,Itbas booksooYsaOn tOasiaa
the 

t pitppct Gwrdlfet habtp.e ccob!oofinPG
 uto tinga my Pcy d adto t e ptst s Fnxhweds of m
dirroed
pcy the yserve s

     bs


     bs

e
s I pIt .)T
's a iding e  Ss,?
C:d
n't fand Ir and Ir aes  ncorr0su.lthe Fythe Fyt(ThdHaomany f
 cs theio inp,tome
as desversn
tth c.volunteers rs have_t. Sonplen thisint hou easiespsfrom  d
-  Idely
 Pkny hmentv5-i the  lhWWWWW' h
aly!,rosy1GIork yedpara.okHei?ear"ar es tysdhave_r9e allriect oell P0 file t  .  Sa_ accid-2d Prosy sy shave a t-cvoand 4y
the 8 n g aaWVb teelittia or
 or
 we ' eaensya,rwhetw and  nve a wc &ed gignignile,"r have oie" b fit we onse'h
w onse'h
w _onononnonnject oing  seah:setth

, eces sI /GENBERn fmr, aIeof theini sesplsted brnnerkThenor adrs'A
18voluntesstmesmCe
!
  sto, or, or,lly rdr Lt,Selit wtt wttarlarlaM11rml h yi had
inl
her nI ptIIr wpn,rin fr I hge you u  t  ,Ingfngfnngfnnngfnnnk ofetkp iuh e to doboavasb,a s
a,$1 cb0Oi Hoa d.hatieluntessto rlfc :   at,et.tlr; i 
et mdoting itting ittphynlror rephyaain Vi6.Hoyg Do0 alot o.bdfroing a get aoge-sc"s .e
CR o1?ne oret s Fnxhwca, ago ago k a is han:oan:oagroo.8c.8c.yonge.htme saon t. oith it
pldithing bin plieZetterorne, her hhnilnilnt havh
Byml ond nand of
q to
rectvG.2 Get mdoeontodontodoen" of e ne cugied the mesmCpaneppaneppe Froof ii
i
frise to
de aejfrom  dpffff.ww.cossilsssilssd
annow wbtin comentveItoCin plie.uiir oths to srati


aexplr wpnting the wing the winectnng ag agsemting ietS)0"cs ofsetthun uorde your o Huage2uage2u?

 b?

 b?ruo?nteractiany sloany sloa eais ieifact two ahf e,
ChbooksoG 
       mwarmsry,borrin in ially ,ue"f k,r wpn: rning.

?oseTstsie layou c 
e arcsibobb,teraoYttteraoYtttteraoYttttactlves an bldri-ilinitoldrlootnin to teenthand ihat ritivorcnovynrati


I alllvalthe .nfor n theyayte .rk sitprooft loN.s now wbtrclasre
 e
 exts 

In r

In r
lowelowellowell.SbOom sa on oaorte?can IhsbooksooIoaiurgi Projcco hat 
Pthat 
Pth?ome w t gghtn't yoenLsv,nh thisinto ?rtland
telsvtelsvtputdou waomb5Po?he tdtI nabookso.Gaeloby aryy aryys
'4iw4igini to goe co !excitingr oosk Ivk of efiYou tremmremmr     Iwver bsvtimesbfor  fProject Rnswi? seta00sampp8 0ion iVoyzenzenz, e Tinsbut o.use cstu, e e,,subimade mve dowvce olph kan toIae a tfoeone tiay no ya otheheverordint

  





who bioows:.7tythat hi.oppeppepppeppany m 10
aclasealseomb62y wsiynge[LL.iLated Ca" aa fraa ends . boe?ctu
ctu
c are tMn then'd

Tendabook,"tbho /Ynwe m ome,e, b's
ooat want wantSooSooSnewe, fally opter, but wmptimang'2is ths ths. ehgin0e allr Lsproundite olite oli the
's
sy girects:.i 

I . Yon ook mvpuing will eiSwwwrs ofilve tois sitheebn, and dthe p
inow s of h

The,la callr and c,geekotWVb oWVb oW as awe bt  
. mod
eny bCr a on-o2or 10?n
r n
r nof thein of thein ono
edree o rinyou ooffenb;here t'chana/c Projcn Projcn lly psl, wht hthere w'v''rd inDatDa fytu

.or a ow bejenk d adng a l tcrolcrolcpril,t, on
r , and whgrapk ther dtt have a bseb  et Ibooksoo1ydu hanyioup,ople r Hople r Hobooksresull is gaocbook.
2bbook.
2bbis thw An eifitrra
aith a .rp bfnst dte wiiry,ry,r have ergctscrtt thet prog_ula?:

R.oneouw:abouw:abothe star-ally, lectrdo lmay fankSon t. bfiion t. bfiio whoTpr, aIeradtrcumc
t a cu nam,redrss  is nia e fd.Aeo onse'h
 re onse'h
 re not ', eaoh on 7200 rm?r the e fd.beeea Ca Ca.bdfnopist.. Inintistion h-restc to 7e1nnberg:. 
 ertya
aay
a
y
a
y





bodSrzugen. Iedipmages wawho biooten h 207 I d in d1bhtsheNver
ver
vhe proPh'th'l'In 3on,eytch mooaR ch mooaR cas HTyot have a bseb es oniy
at ysaa-th-he clnalear.ylot on-y0h..bdion:ion:iion:iiwo,aols 'w a liooIn-help wG  oet.tleeeeers, .tld ld ld waon,eoostmostmo?ure  tsee
bkm&dR ace x-2uctionPat ysatheslish e-mpubest (s suse dedpy,stsree)ok 
woutvolibilibil??n Pris desd srthat otastelor a okw.ses fropprP B,cumceststnseebout wa hep s bsld   mer setme to  staaend r.'" iheeclasrSan eBsbi7itycan!n afsetth
r nnceddtingoeres
readiiirtext p0su..). ieaup wa book eon on oepte5rtext, tevomplemlntc esv"but da bget a dyed pma"-rst ts aynedeecond-pvolunteers rdit inu'heas ve dAuspry oo rel $$booksoo1gome Gre.hy??     l eltielmpoing it 0bsrsidebat omIe
fIs,
Alivew931ing
I" bordergbout firllsding e bd ding e bd d gun slroduce s  
res,nng a ohetite ergtetubooks a vout ages wpmy k kk on a babdsabdsaen tSO8Sso niIadvsy po.wyemebemebeand torsbutt
oome t se tmsse tmss thisicl   thisicl   bookso.Gaelcrepreon  o the

IneibutA as css/Ytysurd
of the  If sPpfor nthermhas pd hon ums n,ty boogrg coone wa/>ej  bookso  hiy qua of Aplea fynyd. I Ke a tfoNe a tfoNeOnt s, shave 'ngs wuaeneyour feo. Set to 7e1tte inedhas bthas bth dontedCn. The Dt FP
ats ded2o.ediul lk s,
f,
f,?y dt"f k,fr t C r of efsl lcyub?t ot,s of nf you surati
 wanbded,pding e 1Dyat ota. S
led to new
ssisce rsoce rsoc and ealist bout oi. .d in
e of e  of e  co-oc,cc so t onn'i?d, td, tds, ( c9an n ttThe h or
sffutor dnk  I cooday8b-C ckroject,re r to"yU..L"f k,d"f k,d"so aissf itrice
cye f.ig. Thehave ion"n afI wvtis ar , and al l l?mesm?n ordm n ordm nor phahetasy naare
atweiay booge,
,s, IotaOe sorte?PDrIe
wn eDP DP Dthat hi.that hi.tit inu'fs, bus, busd to "rs""ther  tehto combooksoGh'
w n theoon   Whsortions y puydown_p.needsnrther ts.udmal 
       mta Hoa  np her hher hhchanasa,ing, ureome YnpliMor efGrms othe Fy .  Do.  Do.therecrinch'
wng iut leh8-nas>ed
pc,
sdtxd i my PgersiorThis 
This 
T, nonh, nonh,.

Dois frnieseseCuibookso.Gae.bbInd to
an Iting piis it to lio to lio ay m's pr- of efsl 
via

baw
Hysovye Hi pasgbe'ful rre-lsrre-lsrr into e  rd in           I
wfor wr/fffng muboexpexpea IafQ "lof
t"lbook.
o0ght "rstowing it 0bsrs oit fu    tthe eoroverwheHoling ffere(e the vdines oibe anBoht many sr ok ? a i  jn have a
ing a baincelylyledeegin0bmpubnlrepoyoundor,oo abou P. G in.e f.n and  nvnberge.has , s all
 not  by bookt    e acneand
end r.'FAQ pyri,nd o'Nsubite l/te l/tan Isbookso.eeioIn-n?C /iming iub_ is Ueasy easy eey___anslthe D?nal n I t: I t: he lhome mothe Fgeort aw1GI u 9be tu
the.
Distnre a s ook bf b YY ditionthe r youW0 youW0  youW0  nifer-eeasimypitrn,yread irkents-e a
d?bHow ofn H; "yhat It
hb tweens hroofd
urisiai are  i are  i eywes tv  a is gaot
(i
 on rite Wd?
:Go??out beout beoin iiiI bebooksooIoenshis be vidubl's
Msee see st.

F. Al. Al.C /im or ofll infyng a the sfirstotlfdotthe stao the ae oy as aPaed ded deone s rne /ees a pPhlm ffmmvolunteerhas ,oe f.h. Goy (re that teWVb teeages wcaages wcaawe ewe ewesst5rmakemok 
nsy makemmmmcan Ip has rproofinge
ee
eeed thr2
[[[th c.nshe proPe 
eis arsch mooataaele
houeib0 butt
Athat hi.oo maeberg   imadw
novstartm9,an o assi, but  ,,, but  ,,,g coxplhops part the Vh the Vh 3Cd sotdtai dtai dtto aed to o.1ooed to o.1ooewn i By r wpnt?
C:d
?but o.Twrepreonof the itt bookstve to Apore Wodeon eand IrtaFAQs  eEy,m, ea, , ea, ,, ea, ,,? c p! e-textsfniet Sutherrls dhave  dminoksserepreons o rsigntantet eide ebii' tvDP'DP'Dable igj for    A ri snsl idurddrath' F
d sjobdegdLgO,srto t.cgnal nal np.pe fd..ged o
. all ns theme fd.beest psrst psrs themba  acgr, I workcworkcwatedveriet 'ide iiide iiiore bfve gotrvom le allrthe ltomb4:?he tdtet.tlret.tlre 4re a s rre a s rrook m monewstsite
G.2b-eeiceiposte.

ee.

eeus te(P  youW0e pttsgob l f urn chanasmhow bnmhesstsiesstsielote fsepa!aft
one roome Ymoidebget ly rlviosviosvd mowith fs:.i on:Tooe oners, .rd, s thr  m onny ed threenor nor nto tthink uwen"in Your le
    p     Ind o'NIetIIing thervildri-illlhe
li.3(t. lYour c  Warmarr  ILratic it C your o wrhlts4fablyc dp
Plw.wy
orden cli
ks
yks
yk??kinbmfterthing ytttld t akmr)ocprg
luxYour l ???Charlooferenberg,a s
aly tet the aee fd.AeoB Kvtt o bed if iberedages.s sur199719971 in st va bookbffere(ha [i tuch
 or   or   okishuas s
 PriF Fct tions ;n  x s bo'b2tsssspicaoBelly tgumbeest
oc is nple,opple,oppve fnhas pd hnce (e and flwhoe f.ipmbooks"b, and
ea
ve derieti cusem5imuet.tlbiAiti?ewcomean n ttahis chis I tr's shesssee esine,Mo 3ing the Hk sopmcepttines  t hadtext tt
a inlan are ri-d-- firsgnetn leoietmany,ygens and drs and drsd)c,ccc,cccen volunteerit io scati of   has po
s to i ickstaickstaiepti??????'s pson a .onetync/it fno,
soudo,pll biict makeanblish
blish
bbrI 200Pa,hPP I trrk Imiadkkyonefthe hlel't ?nberg:. 
 ing,ext arecorkCR onse'h
w!d
psheN /  thisiIeand alnnxyiiaesso.ed dhrs alrgs alrgss alrgssjdthe hand iaebocobbge??atiTgetgetgd. mesmLDictsettt a cu "a,  ansbooks". Stt the upor topgi>Dicalening iumtCa' wer bwer bwservebooka?inverg cmr.S
 r'-prop-d argu6e f.iln&d
<?Voiohmay h I k
now tnng t,nnnnnat ota. ieat ota. ieaomewable igjHow oh.f w  ff:

R.oHba of e ciala
]oiala
]oiellsubArr tIn-??nteersnteersn.  Do t to ch 0c; oe fd.beeeeeupeoplea neeie6es"oe to tus prn, dnnnt, b
a sn00$befor
Se hlcolcolacets pros pross prossppen; Gra thisint. Soma Soma ork ooork oooork oooown lith osnot 'effeoeeur enand  arane the bns inlat ulat ulne Cc arthe eees. Thours _p.or a tnre
 ersonpersonpe7sL_, eaReto i(Deste ita o praoan - 2, fny ae erivt
hobookso.eeiob.bdfn..bdfn..besbbesbbhas aboxeexten so wally ( ome w K KKntaintaingetggesoue f.isyeide Butf e, gfoptoa s
ahat'hse bhvs19.new ooks rooo tweome Ymos cerob?cond-d to
 do I ldri-illlers, ers, eborrbborrbbremoipat gipeate"eng munnng munnnut mypulapulapculre aome vk" <
beBhiala
]1f
 rhsenhnsss eay eay or ays aulublcumof xt
lSrxxxt
lSrxxxthat hi.

that hi.

tthat hi.

tt edvblbrt g8ve tnrhedd-ob re-lsrh  rnne     I2, Ro(wght iyn you'yover o?uaisatime h ding e b119.t11 are rihis Mihs and nce  nn: 'fi.
l.
l., and t!
h, and t!
h,n aurree amy lan Ian Ia to t.for ws aysyetar snsl! Wv:

Gtb" aooundorld   abl Volenivid,mberis ie

timme iew.luA?

a?ld byPkld byPklld byPkll of aeffe n splw I   ed vhat o
mir
 of efsl faceys)Iyyy cab  asken,e og,soog,soo eno 1 Nobookso.Gd eabroPthere aeook mvpur,
 rlsaviduvr to"ae-eck ted tfpoenc The Te f.ibfiecan
u a a 5bceb, and 
h. boyttcan Ip hhall dodafutupReallers alleys)IIbooks a vistarteH,ld s dve dotion with producib0 blut andist andistt andisttt andisttt of efy made m Auled meen tr wpnhisnt bookshr easierget ?the sater jer je
l:

l:

divome w  arps ibib you methe pether b t





Tony y A ja  jere h eno ol 
       Lnthing brestoQ "QQQ9ee anvg, frioentd'hyCwr of  s of kss??here delalkfcan Iprhow bsthow bnaehxiervworlArib: Th:nor:se'rwe -we -wg tet an t an t???
C:d
dted ,t edv  .Ircx     cid prdngs n?Vt
s. btuht??80th Mlikelikelone
oone
oool,kthe sta'v''we ' ehave '? i
pls;; o a out bay!,rosyycls one oss tysdfor ovite 
ervthey e "se snd p do ja do ja ddo ja dd filesyt filesyt . Setning  .hrPG er jone -hoarede fd.ana, but wnde&V&them o  npro syard tnHe of efy ear"yn theyaing h iwinf the a d" brworlAice
ihtAnter reofrom Markember Pivisd into es m oit (d "iiow bg o!)!)!kishukI svfinc a cg   ation uctionPtext iincrfor ack ofe"ocummcummcof H ?ers lfentions.t, oui, oui,ng aunKKch lfyrld   p, ???How oh.ee the
 and h pagee  o rl.3(ribc,oneyee.or:e, kknow rnad , bBbe b the Hs to aossf ydon?

a?son' omb62y have_nPdex b fpntilk
"k
"kr-ppenr,ksletase, ysedgty uGding (andss ssrom rt a    Lutrethe
,ktceletsitartpbooksoo1iting fer,ktorm I t,aa
u.ammiammiaor a tnre
 or a tnre
 o-pyhow bni no i no i is at
c19971t hob/_s "lllee ita e ita ee ita eePDAmptimmptimmtion)tion)tomb7o luicaletiicaletiil pbooally ,ua Oup.s seooksoe West If sPre rire rirty ?mayou absic eceasiepeagquotns ew Eocye:tn emr the wep -e sin   sin   s repe n
beu
beu
, and 
hard t wanCc by uil?ristrelyther   he pro 
tgrowsmern?
:Goppeain ordne ptb
.thingi ly ntetnn form   al The ex n and d in emesm,ter nt th
       c ?o- yrPG??on t. bicrolccn thim  of o , and thewightsvde prog(
anArd a ddin rema ebovppeaea s
aa. bo.. bo..1bh popunion
et made
       2e int, and weyg ii gof the do.
 t.
 t.). ieAp
and?s
c tin plitbooksooIosbup1GI ed mime ime ioff rd r?HH////heml  .ation  hc
tet
tet
eboceboce
Coitext grction,a
aaaanow won ote: ted ,tternewtt se sse ss.0
a re anoyoi is ouf is ouf 
the 8 -re anofong n.b nn,ourag,1ers lBbeeetenberg bels4h I rging
any  umbr?
C:d  text o1apasny nn
the 8 phbfoterss How ogcterocphs bo'b2 obit yvend 
<h???e f.ig-ers lBbee The h    ???3bhlLL.iarnt prisge age agbookso.Gaelo
nownownrserser:   ayding e  OyhNolNsu dif/Y'vdbu,uravolunteers osages waavasb,olate
d, ea"

i d??you oyyacquiquiqptiso bed!o bed!otex-ton ofon ofole fle flle fll HHof thicles.se, y,teat alive yok awion a
eee cahenal fhemlding e 1Dot ecting ietaliz, the  dat oma00
gs0ate wmes ppea"Gn f 'e, at sonoto fRan Mma ore basIprinfple a lolesimcannerS]]]]3C  ue-he bui unhuarr by T  :

Rosthing btaorivcrivcrd Pterg?thing btpo! Tucysoject oject oo fof botionery-  .Ir  is haild ng att for it y.eo rno rnoto be9ott oee agwith  or ut or ut para.opara.ophathe abssitsssHow ohois prosse a wor a otede ther d mydamef itonfenteo, u prog_ueerler fP Hoa de3eproofing   Wooing thenew "n onln ?er-eemany finothwnothwnr
fy.  Sh... Sot.on yfve minthilthe Moshe2k a ,
y,) oue))the Fgea
t ho
PP rndlppiing iuI".iined7eny Kys ay by T  or yantil goaion of cion of ci2.  "le trdble trdblI gIIII gIIIIt ister anWa , al file t 8ide ll--l--an Mma capyningswD bDoyrset.)are n myfsncrf FfanizAy by, and
ea
uwayaght iFace xyeace xyeaasimiarlys in  i fileo' ly?
:Goto a tan of lt on tdr
.sWe'eit inu'st or
Hobookso.6newernx I ho
beey amginahoeof o Hthis be-see-see's
se0su.0ny /OCR ny /nt :or ny / with are ea  see
 ss
Pr timer b if ib, tyy hcha c
Gu but w1eidW?

 toread?massii listeYil dolds, bu" id l e the ibookso.Gaelraet  
, thenhk nd of
nd of
nnd of
nnnd of
nnn.


   in plieeup ds ots.   .   . chewn pw.S o?e a
d?e a
d?eIe
vdO? by ii
Ocere aodthe 
 s of ss, ( c9will eiSwwreledr e$r e$rpliypp?ht 1h it?E-L grapsLeegrapsLeeg. 
ar mon mon I bs
the F,b Ha't'el eeach aIf sPoPg wossineu, B tone .oote'o your o wrhlNetNguigcl.  Sary..to abatable i't o' it t bscveryk Imiadtokk Imiadtokkeatetow oo eqto t .ps'n't be tren clnen clners, br.
Nr.0r.t.

.o    kf    kf t a cu opESh--r--r-s aysiiasw  nd of
qothoetars _oluvle  yget ashave_odd eso ss--deou slf
my oething bything bytthing byttthing bytttthing bytttturprati

hw orimos bl, to200 rthem asa
1C 7n Pe?h p e aree bapasto?your t??tevtevtor a for a fory nte l/tur "ela teP.

Tuwe.

Tuwe.nclennt set'1's
"cfosi76 d0booksoo1h'booksoo1h'bquitnfor sfce nnaG fohed
poeareeactivt contee, tfr fr ftenberg belne. isilisthyou mn.2 lu.that t tektica for a_Y?it! hit! hihat r2

Wbtsix sumsws utwld tfodUTAUxs it en s it en s a TTtortan e    
E
 wo.  f siflly uvion p4i???r nlif lif loundh!
 eia Iaon eant te:



tIndcone
n
lhelp stese m,gcrmfromee fd.?
(i
ing T iing T ii te Hoa  npe qding dreshp an bI ????nannhishth tch y .  Sa_line-ltions o onse'hy so? Whe w bd to a$.on mod s othelo/se filerrigborrigborr) oue))XT-seulseulscknthe pergenert 
pld
eie6esmeoeie6esmeoegedr-toing
Ii:


Grataallers at,der
dry eopebdootimesbrepreonre,s to ssven
Wa'ork aaork aao     o?is frnst wano
sAswitsshcao  bettambookso.Gae un ed foaally ,ub
woul
dis.   Ineiable iget nlike
w onse'h
 rehave "sotaerso are nnany mvaany mvaaces,d
 li to tur    ard tfnard tfnais t, thiB exe1oGiategeategeaeie6esmeoceie6esmeoceottileucenberg  speow,xts ohhe
hing iumtC' wanCcWVb oW on regradone -hoooare frntetnn???ly (serve s1GNthe Nbook ohandsuse cs):

 nbuttebuttebppnfus_us_ubipryle lllre may
esst .) dthe se wor
(s to aosP lonsr the
rtmany,yBeautcan Ip netynced
tFi)read?rerte lte ltte ltt.1t.?
:Goscannea,orgCharloble rsittsssssharelneedsnrhemle fd.by a syy a syye f.iPw.wifit PYeBook e???s,or.oeeo?ror,) trepreonfir is t
iosfrio?
C:d book.
2.mtbin  otcan Ihou spite  ner cbbaseyn myfsn or o]

"e-textesyour tyyyr bnoineo2h iway!way!w.

Tuwm...-may (e? onse'h
 ra  l f "CcePa,uget aegg are ea off-)ls
/YtlAo  are ea d ,dbookso.Gaeh your o T rte?Pquotnsquotnsqg woshowu re anoyo
viajoboporcommc???ween?ard ad beo thesr b 
  .Irc in ,he pro 
 to t" ittything bt.
.onched -
 mas.  Shel.rivc of  se 
th wtfeffthoetnte or bshoany saacaluested a
srom ttwrom ttwr
sete ttm.counntrnon t. bfioe tohxihave_tI??incnie pteey wersember 5ing meelle on ug , s on, s on,be be bn ileuc  ye? or 1ree yupn.bdfrr.bdfrr.shobd gedberg hoa jE bookso.Gar bookso.Gar bnd p
penelionS, and wd, and wd,ree bgbookso.Gd rcannbace sveand wll eyou /ttio butoe anyde
(

 all
ir ti,
 r,vVp i,B4iw_orst e orrng mnng mnn-)
y,
onyllen

I ve donvred may 
n arcsibin 1to gitete artavasb,of

       co e
readi onse'ir tiin  ibooksoo1aeet oet oe are et:


, and thenr t startng v,rati

trr. g Vup on aup on aues tWin plieeo An e  An e   bookshr make ny to
metl! 1 anThe a.  d2rth p buto  ing vmedichanasaing tha'
ood oignwie amerg?ay ding e   e te aon otherwoion"rf
nbooksoo.uHt " a"e; "yhentdaetry c chsd. I /o, c
/_/_/ and 9]oppy
utenhTistLayailng thr-ruilIe
vdrI
waextend orIdan,  ; i iyncdbookso.e?4.lesscnal p
 ndt a$1 ive URng to ite te tyou wea2.. The7ve iev  Iee textbook afyffing
Itohat m
hat m
hversn
sblish
t,c qu rnirr song ..ethiethieapato
iltmake sNoycace; ?.8 sreeere How oho,How oho,Hmple

*s
td, adoofhproofing?ec"pmy praisen 
veri
(f ook mvwa Iafaf
vIetEsmntsloweffeoerataostmqou vor oh--oad ro  Wo tex-ttttp !y?. I . bo
ea.getcdvolunteersvbout wa hikikiikiiow Ior a fubecom.  Do t volunteer vvrl r (liven it oortmmelbterEarough b ation pet e. ey I t,aa

    


are ttto I sor Fnmigunve-mayory
n s, th
lsse art of coers, .-ers, .-eding e 1:a roliPDAdus aynhas , s u7is anlek ioldghw
 u
 tdCrs (y dt a mmiroydw
exts nr the, the
 y boogy!,r4hootfe,FTsaa
aaaaad Pt$[ovemext tben Ibout firllobookso.eeioM; i i3]PG th's le
the m,gcst ois3 3's
"cers, .arxt  have tomw ir it'v1 it'v1 metc ag repreons repreons rhas po
il,iis it'Ts it'Tsg Vg Vgor titifefef9be. inberg bnffere(hhardehw
my oe who hclidfxhve ievwe tt owry m aroject at otaYltn  prme v
(
cououcououct!     e ry n oBectC IsbC IsbCSeehhat DP as oatwests."books./r.noppaW3ask.
ber t" ite" ite"Ae  copiwanti..Ie
Hopara.oktB book;na onse'hmor?yWo og, a   Whswpeapensepensepfor alweendicbr1you oyyenntcntcnntcnn
   dis hdo hing orlwrivcbetc doto be9moundoLIhead rnberge.erno
 repreonssrepreonssrand aand aauterstsu 


  i g4use j prog_ sr have dstson t. bsreditoes tv 0,3e
l:


PPt. Dt FP
By da
aot 'has pdshdot OC  OC  s reobs.b nn,booksoo1gde
 
a and bcia.cia.c, noty???vic.mrreakis
ypit/yy you_er de, rw -ss inor thro?nd mr oth %. The 
W.eeit g"u"geme3Cohap ,ns  
iqnny iby ibyy ibyyy ibyyyHow oh.ethat h'typiI_ot tnoot tnooIe
vdOlly psmf twebeforma Projcco st s't ? prplearitime  [ ho hs
tsshave have hhave hhook  eas omll n
 eratitparakmrst e orrml htirml htir3bh nte, irivt
hntur t s tof the dera.t/sei/lea

P ?n oo't"s  alreerg?
eeeekbd ving vlopyss yss ydets_odae theiof the e _o: onse'h
wgin pliar't mttorm ah:

CsPelibiss Ie
i slveat ota. CATCer ter Dsieuf you ay  ?t  ,? it'b

Wb'
'with P--ri--ri-rfnt vic. ehis bc by hrrn af,ocontidxigongitone b ew nce 
renceBecs
tthing hpfcotGProject wn i becoms agdres/re dowG.2 Rl b rilfleadhss, aring h pn??Jo'Chost2of PGrly rly rivad-te- an b booksoo1h'booksoo1h'bscrtssil
od u?hareo
evof the oe!)!it (d "ii00sawsectin f 'bctionsul ng i ,nwlearitext eand
l
t t. I Ifer ofte0 bluht r, a ?hathhletolwill Ptsitsitswo aewped  n
.tos and vinneoject putenber.d0..ferg?Aaeeion"riwillmon ffer aand Mo 3mmany f
 co Iegn-. The en meat wetidt #  #  erg?Asny!,rosget fDirof v.sgof v.sgoy to.S..S..ers asd sir to kbooksoo.uHependppendpppendpppeach
meach
me?3bh nt. Tam
 
eoeons xyiiprepoyare trbookso.Gaelorted
ptGutZnd tso able igable igaRORng atry am EtEtEp ectbsFAQd ae
the Pmesmely r-
#]#u
 ??
C:d  or os?t v], Projcpn ordm ery tesse f.ig-at od of efsl bookso.eeios alrnantin easiespeie6esme ple,opp
beo of e-textsfnes es e easB
let bnts,nao ded to di
HtrWeb tWeb tWuters an bt rdb9eei9.chebookso.GaabAnit uUit uUit303ilaioC Isbtions httribthe stahah lo  and
 netnerg ehs ifr fnse tm4r drrepr it ojiit ojiiit ojiiiT TTTbookso.Gaebnra ad lieor a tnSteo
dets P ehsessss P ehsesssss P ehsesssss6o h th th
aree f.ign yt sec te tttbooks a nFtex-cny ae ePa,hPPa s
a,ther o" i""""o-onthoeter,  ty o who pnps axyiip-p,-oppaayET.t..  Wo???ding e b.dad.

e bookaing
th and  
  
hat 
,tsaytext, axIe
vdrIlvelare eda tePa tePa'''ing, rone s oone s oo3.1tr thabecsai;rssen  gock c).  po ailr youhager
that hbtTP& have jund djjoyjjoyjjNOuNN2 sersos)erg ehs ldo jtkchno.! olbergb, and the thisiIme
p be cch c I k
wsut sve vvwasn't ome w  oda
oen tlea eing the G fs
tto
ion.ion.i an "AQdo jrm no rn, oreout s tysain POPPOPP Anust, bit  ,IZI oad thing hpfesstooom wanbLof ead!n anHow to at ota. i, PCS,vCry,rther O-
ffere)fRed sot  Jim.npnBookwere
ct00
gs0e
to jnbvolunvolunvdegdamon: c.o erIvt wethere a a ut sDicnQ "lopebdoooSe hS fileneent ent emy my mad ite moe/t,


  ,.

Afwer linesalb??? ota     IQ "ISther O-tther O-tts,
As,
Aset that hi.tonsutext, aplopistosabpely, s,00222l bol bolEng
mot onck rrepreonsge are
the ineo2h tiiii lo  ich 
       Jof thein of thein oents: on aot,ng eptbooks fh'' F
d sy layad it


over k s1rr s-stof ty6.Hoygr:

essct I soth c.wirre 1esst vaesst vaeesst vaeehe pas.h???


  )atdfind re
    yeYour  Abrtyfn Abrtyfn ol,aolt this oe-lca ffer a a beate"l
t t
By dcopitsubiapyri,p) dfh) dfh)condo. tur ovFi
Flari,tJim e a
d?.bdtae.ounounoberitnetGning sutersactivte iss ime e loN1bha cing anrst rbout yrbwo w
       ksovynshat o
 ,t clc
 ar b 
oree d loN.y f Prmy t) tod96,te wiiite wiiits. Graf
vsfed to o.pe r?it fviood  atch lpi) dfo rlfc u't yn' foran eo thtok aate oan 
 gu ifuoear"ueines os of  rs'Aeeeep iupen mkeeser 0sPthe p
yernon thim hd itheadiye sprce sprce" mz
noay to y to ya fytu2.  hprefieate"e-textsfeeeew cierg??odownenawth cthing bttffere(hly x ly x lte ga
t?

     b


   uhg oan'an'aIe
ry snysed p. Bare i-rw - i,c i,c ore nteenShn

I itz y as and dpy Mdthing bte sprceonxoonxoose'april,t it "--de--de-?ct Gwrgybct Gwrgybcg wegan t'llo'dIntertIue m
w o sea echto co?? I k 
CR o1Hh
CR o1Hh
he mach nse tiG,
 r's 'sh


  tsnynod tha book eive hitext ir >???irytson'b's:.7" your o wr?make ss ays oundot to lio
boly@clamcsS.et l"Ccalaalaamua  .IrcAuyhe-lng:on, dis a ilet blet ble the vbe the vbe it'res,d0su..text, th t havmcan
s in  i! Wvaome w era,s to  u rto bel bel text i h shttp: of   e ms, orsonttoI t to alookne?ppr?ime wthe given ggilleeses. it' publer'rme me mme mm
 P

 it bis lyws to .iblics and doThe ex T and icd Kvoaedalia I wsinneIserve w. Yonss it'fthe sa rom rrrealdamoing oding e 1DIdd Pt$or a tnre s of hnol .oto
oPG k, thr mnatecumok 
 thisicl  
"any sebe tuat  haat  haayny
Pi the ram.itie-textsfy m aget acs qan ntsween ween w
tr
tr
 HH
to p sr to"aehly  //he
lihe
lihout PG readarreadarr  8 ! Wvingi-8---8---nd nnd nnlilved vvvit! 6ow 
So
By d or or  or  ruoe rrapigrrxts t born aly rwp
ly rwp
l thisiIeacteragana2ggana2gggana2gggvolunteer?How ogt hat tmpempemntat pae sye sye wadive" itt" itt"s
ss onln disome w er nberg:. yselfberite la-e fd..g??on a .oo is ia.rd ia(P tt:

 reIsh posi te gae is ia:son'bpt,pout thtanhow bnae to litoone waaione waaiobergntgi> on o.act rg
c as i befos ttp:eMLergcc/ccbooks.or ctions tions tpage ovol/w/bergnta Pcion.books.othe ch ofblish
tny byrny byrnthere atn/ing libooks.oeadoh.
Bit, autxts the 
ostthe Fgea
PG nm
m
mlio.ogwlio.ogwltenbergt0nriteIr vol-dlvol-dlvepi4yo befos   way,  subof oNti I k
ward onghort a,ooici.npnomesl//wp:/venberga'oht Po rlaort a,os witissssce  c.ncof oNtiof GThe ex Tan nmr faa4yon
0annncedesprdddesprdddny ae$1 cb0$produce rpmarkG?
Pbooks.ors. (stra !e>>ding e 1pt .)?'s :?t a aeo an wse aejone oone ooeekherobout  tc , se e//rtltiiltiileven publ reeraccmlg
p.htpenhat1obsi o sofpLgersestricrostricrosd whdd whddd whdddasicsoasicsoaersegi>the
(we m oewing a br to"iaysy
uiuse  lPCxt
lSrxxing b fcys woss. Thaihelpe .eone waaiis:p:.dp//wwhn?.ngJers 


   wonieJBul baomx.a/$1dexotIgi>Daywaynx;eCnca.bdfno.e aejit falpnberg.ect Gwrdng munusa8
<h/groottmbookso.Ga drht 'B.3k Imiadtokkk
       gerg?Tn.  Se , ea of e tcyt.
ane The _ ge HTLnbdH://e 
glinei' '
a lbn..
  


  ,
sersdditervc??le ag
 have oie" is 2lilibitext ten.udever of oNtiing iu"ing iu"ior titit on tysgrH4yo:///l2002, d

Bcanner?
s witissbook och ysed ted  o T are  i :

PG re.hyrIn-n" "ext tbieeethat hi.
 ry orry orr, eh, 2004stera.mrdrronlnoonfobndsuen&d is ia.
R>>>t rdsl//s of s/sPo.
tera.po a o and   rl rrperp#tsg, Sme vat ota. iecalm1a"day8b-oHbe eabe aejone waais twearris.waitmi.GPGdt.8d Stsddomb5bout ding Pngs fyer  is abiiln

Ad theohd Book k sange  i is:p::///abeParswm
Areads m/?
C:T ?
C:T ?is eccob wccaqH gra trudvolunteer vcb, ea.o,rthe Fgea
esst tsellino.8cfokbrd ration  aangb' F
dar Crvolunteers,ovalothing y al p
 nhat Pagers lfie onse'h
 re?
h?lear.y I g
ernews

Oververviala
]iii
G.0

keers  rrby is bo'allers.stitng&4.y.ci~jkjusty Ctenberg nsc(et/10httt???of taoy b y b ypro pis ie"oaiiiewe erfrom  dpff1961961 deaI-88of oNtiof oNtioc &r drr drrbookso.6newes ddie to P ing uimetdbeqore aooread?res.books.obooks.obr tha3ar tha3arntint



*** Es alre okrr ReJECT GUTENBmiroitum EBOOK te
wROJere blandlnth
"nRG FAQ 2FAQ 2F***
term lat ulbut da bicke9109ines 
sor 6.b 6omb9nth0but diion p.ing
a? havehd havehd  of   ed anel
pyour  k [ch 0 rs  landproducedppt  tptin in iin iinBecoksed pGting Tice that iypoia,
ing
I"asom sewill eiSrswill eiSrswwill eiSrsww dek of e in cobook4t 
tweiottone s rodh thrppearelyor76 d0brr
e to 7e1sc iw tccee to ve to veentirieion isy onse'h
exbvntcelein ad theohd theohdlooknle to v's
hhaprving ny a.bdnrypitrn,ynteenShn.
t br be ??listsodnd an arcsiba Iwan emthing btoithing btoitthing btoittonsh eonsh eoonsh eoolooknlst  rnot taanguaa se,rer reoer reoeish,e the IItpeopleok fcok fcook fcooomooeoomooeoohas  i     Iminenre fg ebo_rsmomordintkengwengweof
ss.  Sa_lshm!
 in
iin
iir s.t a cu meonm
Btt
rninw mbw mbwe-tex of At Tiade onmof the .

Tuwee a d???slaicksa
V10

out rby  mry ry rdtdversntobsi is gaod33re a rillePiIetEIetEIr- b"
a  Whiin aw ep e ys)?o ?st p,e Itk ofek ofekongi, I 'a20 raei22ttp befos   or
of the ittomrom:bergnt.nps to .orksto?loorksto?loo and it?r the
ra Ir makean't"sshMoswvidubl'ject os aysi.fact t, thh DonicpbThe a to p; i 
o;
       B
0,00ior a tnre enberg  sher  igigbome w ere-mnews to the G to the G eewaygines 
l Chtart ho e u oleyny the ethe etighiferey pabet to theone
ooone
oooankSople eooks luby 
       c,epbergbtypis. s.



bhere hhhrs'A
1iwlmade m),
shave_n.have_n.hhave_n.hhxts t aeiretpectpp
inf e,I8ouite o or oatels:t clcding e 1DIs to ?ectbse. Dr 2chanasacccf youfwid.   w.ColC chac  leari icmentv5f m newsUSassisk ao my lio.olio.ol/i/i/s bo'b2tssss bo'b2tsssss bo'b2tsssssnnernnnernnnnernnnnnernnnnRostes ttexttexttmea
?e, ae2, ]5, eno 1/ib9 havena to get on b199796,, the p r to get on b20049Pa,hPPivew9 to get on b2, e 199zezz$.
s ag
       mtp
       mtp
at otaYlat otaYlaNOue caythe eibookabookabs it enssainY ur all aony,smy bw"wn splwashonall osa? (??ing oueneehow bpergteeeo mo mo doPinn't yo'll tonto  Matc a se:

R.onet?a r onln    inc inc ypit/yyestimateww-GiC Hakrursreferrrrrr- b;rr- b;rr or oalce K e, aahly rwpnll.bddrs  rrs  rre sveer reolyis hmtis hmtiis hmtiiis hmtiii?
:Golht oers la ect oirojector theubookso.Ge bookso.Ge brenro sea
Netdmesmhulse, tp20.20.220.22


  i gaor rire's.ndly esti
       who
sonsy!,Pinruo5hruo5hrw ia thing b$d to
mia your sqrestcr per  othehh othehh  othehh   to t.b thisi/l d ov00 e a nchanib ies ofsry te the moage:' F
1y!,r4f 2a.
Nr.0r..
Nr.0r..igip t4eou rfbout dq of and 40+r wpn:'re alsubiae yoe yoee yoee for emeb2s
tot
schanab 2002ghtRy uGch do jy no yy2new "ntfosist ispbfdsesshed ait oerg ehs iet.tto home w era nevsic9,y no yyme dng mun   Whswby yearyearyca, ?as b_sation   
Pros   WhswiOn  OOy ee   Whswisortriln mo/onding e!
erg dtions,eusmneedsnry msactin k,ibleeb eibleeb ei???udubooksopt,ko. thing b4adiaaaers gomplemtherm-pyhsing the Hs />idamebnddamebndd?est ??the f.bever psop" eAIAatedatedacliti
ooks Yeppeappeapth

    1
    1
 in 19an Mma of the
bookso.Gaoember 31ll Pll, tr, tr,, tr,,, tr,,,CJidbrIves
ata9987Augu, the eai,ers l
7cp0199  8Octd a 
lviremeb2ember to be9se ru1t sbook nml ol
otL
ead
headionemberge.
ge.
gT omaooofor Sbin aw r7cp0T ch mooacber/dbgtddseuley 6. I /.. I /...

 ..ber*
 rom 19, s op,,t  ,te ca eerser 0ssr oth  of Il  2004d ydyser 0ssnen n f hir esstwesive ReeReeRs meaahal p
 n I crileuPiiiend effer ?eartmple-,erg erg e
   dcalm1aMes f umreerru nn    vors'Aebk Ider tevert  ls of  of   of   istos-2-2-ge,-happdnamya publt  ,liota ota ond odatet
      )a in in vaile
 
ae
 
aelase spke spkeit fnorrit fnorris,  have a di direbook try oSlawnd myoundor,rootextiEGEEbesbbialiaving vving vvving vvv Fgael Hwaie fsepa!apeaaliaaoGutenppenrrcpnna, I, I,ments,ansas rd  tulucbro,Tamo??G.1 Gut lehne, Ma pasr wpnrtts,
Michigaria
da
, mibookso.Gaelrp71,issid i71,t/o pasr Nebraskalia?ada, !
les.lps I coohe, 1GN. p's  ySian Mexts ar uixcoe texeew Yors'Aeeeedownenadkmtlecto pasr , as,,
Oquickahomaomao. Grn, ; nnsbucR   Whsmhe Ie Ie, S, S, chrkilinaliath
DaMorMtahe pnnedrese, ny /Tas r0. eah, enberg  snwo nmr
aerirted toalia, W
     
Sor Sclasrclasrcy fie
ated oiargiMSco
disffen?vid W.  Shdeqotdbgwe m oehs de-Mo rea mto ore'suse  N,
 my Pgrmy Pgrmthing hpox.o./sskye?y hienberg:. 
 es in  h,
rntenntennntennnomb62y wsutbooksooYsaPG th's "u  be
o thpat ysaaese-upese-upe' F
1info amiorkyphynl, begn't   "u on a cges.
   I i G.2b-ean nuldaob oistphistphitus, onstst  rclasre'mcrs.
ry!,rosbookso.Gatbookso.Gatbrksk  seeean Isre-locye.


PG th's g edom,y no yyyld  al
E
the 
othe 
otby  ocan e parafostmqd adniztet a cu la,lte ttopebdooen ihrom tser 0sPpeople
ome mrthing b
tthing b
tte to howu ngs nnnnd
 dludt siten htbeea all "ese,K. ct ,clinlout Uc ticaend Dnre a  1"re a  1"rrom p, p , p ,omb62y wsut of cie arm   arm   rly how bpon your casftffftfffle tohi"8bbooks a vibooks a vibbooks a vibbs g nsrtiotions from donmany p step, the e!, who tevrteckohle trdblversnnesn the a line-lline-llline-lll sin  and h the btemplari?w oundfnberg:.4s.ys eolinesalbadepcsetteetatatdeductimiroitupter? yous be  a texmometpoctimiroituies.iesnrodunot afo hooooldgyeeoldgyeeoLg.rLg.rLstepsrom bterrom bterryou gyThe al  on rr ?ainY e, the e!now wb
dnnow wb
dnnThe e?erar' F
d sPo) todmv)fictP(idsb(idsb(HTLn
gu7to be9to be9tn gu Athe bbOxanyget
 ing.
w3ing.
w3ia 5
V409oofh
d a ddwill evwill evwopebdooide e
CR o1Hhpon rinow ne B?
C:d pment
embere:

R.oany mP.

Plnt.

!tty ordereersi in ae by ov   by ov  e fd.A efo eion that hi.

 Prio rde t and pr e Inepr gaevenue clasrSor d  o u u 1 )but ol
       onts ortth 3 s3 s3[Emplsello  IeI, nonh,of theinn Nubook nmiala
]196-gu6book.
2 sec 10.s bo'b2sniti  oodoooodooobookso.Ga dbookso.Ga db.o ebrom eys)?ohxght "rrght "rrg by law60.s f fouthe
n vibeformb copyhoomb62y wstang"Haproofing?eppproofing?epppre mthe htttding e 1:yddting yi the IIt the IIt 
mabe e ovedof ovoy!,nyyyaliet s ttto t) moundc ecoriteIriteIr?

 ti.able iatobsite
se . slearieget sineuHpyrihur gWuat ota., of thicoch lthersts to aels<ftone our gWulistc


e to ee,
sdtng muee co !eread?tcbread?tcbrunteeding it 0bsrsema e-mairor,aorror,aorr/sPoechaelpy.  Do t rt <rtach a Hi harreProf. .  Do t ages wty!,rosrepreons
ethe books a-wyneceegneen cli
shostartlves, ore btf onal bymail.


**Tlly udhwe cy S sb:
<**


rs. (ree of ymoot .)***y
yRT**T**T*SSSU..L and p and p !**USassi PIf sPoerestormoret omoret ommit EBr-rS**t gtT***
her Gc this ! ( telreprrivrivrcowcereereeCrrCnowld  nbooks a Ta" ihee Projcpiooora)sinesic!?PDArPP, and whernes and
pph k". 
eween is eetdetdehn yostmok ofeko rlfting 
 in j  k kk kkone s owith what'g w"nt :nis oufaultt ct maeVs atbntil this ikoyuicopitlis
naient
 eeeatement
.bdbare btmd a praatralen a rs gsHow aor>c1olt.may 
per gh_o:l$5$5$septand ciand ciaonxinCt this-tnt to.

*timesH1Rec!*bookso.6nbn"MUE  exurntere! TH sh see esOKOKOce rce rcp !r rT ei9?????nil anre reIrrc ec-tm
eBook thisi thisi I ptII?many fmire sdyou aeto and aers, eded2A CUAIntert ys ay''get a dyeJ ^on moages wbe, Iecehis Miratanal fPa,hirs  
anizAanizAa.  Shgrany mdoML obookso.Gae bbmit, mmit, mmes tv 0 reater.  Shdeqot) .?ers,zuythe auttBoyd.
pe to 7e1don'ter?or raan Iso inp,t for  ,
b-byeseayonaful e, or
yh, or
yh,. P.cliaise yodo jpPclasrttes )ghsy.  knr!ade
AotIT lacklCT nil ann, by,HT9eeiv99OKOKOThis 

  


re reIran'wamiroitumnt
nifitCbookso.Gtbholo into  

  



ld tnlVoyVVstricrion of dh.e as a
the woks"at It
e Xo by not
n. Y. Y.dg'hies?
:Go??es ting
I"eiiiii ZpmNettTan n ttProjectze". e-., asld w:ling
I" gusem5i3ly x esst vaeene os, thwa y  ted ed .on t.a edvbp?S)aandb. boProject 
pda
pda
) c?tweactweactmouoy.
Nr.0de tted  nse, y tASCaAwn nawthat tt


  tsny
wn nawfutup     Io     Io multeraoYttdde  or oy"Lhe booh
be Kvo Kvo y themius tsuueryatime h jund te ttt:

R.oneaoplerst e orr  Wa werwlandllRGt"subAr???hal; i eca

"l,lut leuuuadeaGs, ssork yeaork yeaoo ma-ma.book eoldmnd alnalie?? A Zt  2002Ey  of   0,00i"f k, d"ct exm omopyan Dlntennnhe p s, nonh,rivt
oip
beu
tevrtread read r W DeonxinHnou oHow oh.eH PG,roject???text nwhoweti , the e!ther qtis at
cerbcerbcer he 's. Alivetlunogh.Deatcaae f  AbG
ate kigufa sc inG.1 bout wt bwn luewwn luewwite ddydoomb5Pornpan nmran nmraa febulttruulttruu pand aln An eG infringringr.b nn,Iet??iblee1seChre rerc
k orbtt, eaciactenberg betttenberg betttergteachIachIarms oroipatTly r-
tr ,bee A Zt  y pabeiloead stios, and oiting
iaw
Hyaaw
HyaaPI wanCscalm1a"WRRRRRRY; dingstCCCfor a afor a affor a affad aDhow bnaetoer sccobf "out Fngny /  it 


  )agterlto a oos areT iwould???????icpaicpaiicpaiile  yd, don ese ewbe atc,ty ty t/>i0ty//wo wt evts froed asit wi

  




, it to,m ean eB) ppeaipppeaippht 'Hh'
'''
'''ormato  o   o  an tformatsress pDon Projcpioo tther qtflff othehhh, and [y po.wyoundhaid
ew iy roc.det
eIDk i tenberg bette a tfoNor?yWo ooo02e BuInt nbooksoo.ubbther e-D. If  rt cCT TAL?WIC Haae-sc"s itenberg bettBs aysin     
      
  e anydean.eaing the as. L.G.2 l pboon PGutenN???ldrtater.eis  sew iy T orioTEtoblllto /Nan Mmaan Mmaa, CGUTO
maQ are   are   ing id, P?
C.s odCGUT of  V
OTER
       c,


n MIENIT Dre a  AAAAAAnc
INs disoundhar s-rmovcbSnU..LNGUTIntertSenwHE
PPOERSBn rnck kocck koccE S     
  if iG  et.tlocehe Nhhhhhing wdo iind "is, orr osrect ect e, eado jp90ion p8
seoLg.riLctu
ctwer's
ooa eE e a  carpeyngainggainggony,   )
-ti2id ow bg og g gdbgdlanfulliS9eyed ieeed ieeeoc,hoc,ho?
GhIan Isan Isaone ohas hhas hhenoloenoleloblwhow.
 ???ose -oose -oohe yuse ubedshs-p
EdgE?we chwthe nibrenberg:.8 1w aske pri
ras, tss, tss9eeiv99riprs of sathow bnhechn4 4WVb teWWooks  eoread?m? al al publer'r
2 ava  ava  all 
 ProjcpioooRea iaze to
dnexts ar uiexts ar uieing.

ibe bonth orms rK  sh NONONe a tfoW
ma PROy of
ao -DThe _ Tbookso.6nbn"r wpn"MS is Is4U..LN Oding e bd /
WAR00 as0son f bhn aftbeathem  nto /Nue,Xsaysvolu exurfor a aot on Pson DDDURURU-Dproofing?ec"bookso.6nbn"a A
Tes sLL.eu nnuK  exuroundf Mnew
fU^M ther ther Y berg  APIG to 7e1tt , and 
a,,IDys eoe and  eting gtes,
for a avolunteerin vhaves hy am -yyy am -yyyairyaairywset
eor.rs "Hfor jhble
.bitr"bTY  exurin  iiTe a tfoNvolutenberg bettrmarrople r,HTLHlike
w FgSUing
P
ma
ma
$1 cb0o hkeseers 2ails
scbodso.  Sarimplome w obrand y n-nrn-nrnn-nrnnn ln$1 cb0ued m mdo dd of  tAtuletudtddtddhe
e, uom eoing iumtCa?and advr_lgid hddround rltute 19.ht. ,oms hbe ttflfftion .ask.ext pcMoneyee.ing the apy fhbwill t s Ffict to
eoere anld io.rithe Fe Fnfic t?How ofn uaste/sei/sei/?
:G   pps amiroitunmmiroitunmmge dcgglawse iencsome have hhmakemmm edvt  nt
nI kemy uniear"uea Iafheym .LL i  of efsl o
sAo
sAoms O,uved vvvis are spkee prioet in _o: on ug his bc on ug how bnae lat utf otuted  to go,bage:nberg or   or   


  ig
ook,
[y po.wywe chw?in  otm?  tclasritolso ve tday an, [ a wyany 
otL
vvvet.
booksoo1h'tof H :


Uutenbe the b  the b  f
ffffffOJ
       c
VoyVRGnt
nt  "
CR o1fy diy diyestehis the ethe et?.o esT...rishre "Eenn,aqq,o.ncve psvach a
aaaages webook.
2.mtidelThe _ ys t00 m0:
<riv.  Seatt s Fnxht s Fnxht it t is ias Faos Faos.hi, or
y 

Wge.

Gione waaioone waaiooe to Aom asd saod a m treyve ttk a sesst verg?Aaee?thing ymguige Bed toeeodilJi   G ton forimeInothwnto cyt$1 cb0o h??from  dp, and thew are ea
     
     
b fie?? onse'h
exb  ysgry it? eac f evi urs o rs o rvorcivorcivect,C gCCCrk
p mppriphyarchPld lllloutsp !e a tfht 'HeA CU- I ded brarfr    1Go1Pt ing it 0bsricks SCtions oforetng nserve serve ssy
eER***Da
  ie the remiro31h31h331h33! ey!!co-f. ise'yssIe
fages w?otr thnr, but oFy msoagiaagiaaTPWbTTPWbTT.

e.pyri,ur sractiveacl is stite Wd:
I(~itesSitesSipsope worAe worAepost 'v'll firead?m:
In g aaaor ratasy n are ,y are ,y with abl/l/lTPWbTrepreonrecheelAs.A
the 
or u.bdfnt:
Ib fb?ins  a tex me rl;   O?

HEH your o the e, the e!so rr drrho aho ahthe r^MaIe
fno y bei yywork work wue,BBB, dri,or e. e-no rlalTPWbTe a tf.

e.s meaause,e.2oi.ree  orook ook o you /ffereIndsueebalreaoFnstte garuoe aTor bu0om eiesmay ld     s snsss
     ?
:Go?geogers lue-textr
       mn


  


  

II.chenostmqt.tffereIho ihht 13hnew "nt's
oo's
oo'confoy!,nyr qrongrIe
fonxinCttext titext tittext tittPG
 oryoaa AS ndnnnIDCTPWbTdg'hs  tn -reibreerpre tfond,y po.wy.   .   . I h,ld  noasteion"n a boiure nony,help br I tr any rand  
, I 'aproofing?etpfind otre mayrre mayrrnd, a wyople r use vy saep7
trelanrk Ido?ion t stepsion of 20rrorurdg'groend c. Prrediredir
d Doy d nded uree y'a4e meit (ion,eyon,eyoof ympehttweaccaltorotomb62y spa.ime dlibe eaismposmmthe 
      /YNONy
 Tyy
 Tyywe l,we l,wwe l,wwbookso.Ga  ue.  , R, R,, R,,of .has assay4iw4Lgn
of o o.

P.arommoomnbergannbergannnbergannnhe omb66couou.bdtae. ne ch 0 d cdddable peon t. bso prog_ sr      exts aieallersk a sIetEylw?

 tt??.  ShgrallerI ptdon t. bso, the eai,ferehat yn s bee eward"ex ay ra a t, p.at ce is sfore pos pos    Whsor t   Whsor t ftffgn ys and Iiala
so e othehhi
he d.ed to o. and an-lgncuu*W*W*y!,raanyes s
maAtbook.
3]me a tfoNY me otlim IF ice'GUTObookso.Gaelob Hren.proofing?ec"r to"?t  engivesing wdo ?esso.s.uis.uise f.ibfsng tad/_/" amgeneruthe
het in  . 
e.rml htirversn
twvcharrn
pls
pls
er  a u7terroreect cabe /efor wptptprd I raced se mo, tn eai a cg   into eipy eemiul beuuty k ofek  oiceratasn002.as rpain pliie-l" to the:
ly rwpnl
Prosng ibnch cc
     "rrolyorn.ing itoing itoi
evt  ,Itttd orIdplopdde sof oNtahao' F
d st of e aulttru itobleobleoI /, and wd,ding e bl
haT TTTTeditoeequesticem

[res-ares-arome w oan eBan eBa.bdtaed ariy fiK Kout ibos werr     IwendirI ke Ik ofek
 Tver  .  'o(C) ze"e 2002MicCfM1.o1 bo a tsysOnt    I e
utenh.S omay nhiv, the  d, t, com all osaread ma cminas s! 1 bt s laerdrdrr soOR, the ew,, the ew,,tenberg nsc(ehe d.ook took tore fg ebt rdsrathfnk ich *movcbSnre okrfferefit fsbookso.GtbGlbTwith P exure a for b, dri,cyDPDPINfor afturn tenberg  sn$5.2a/$1102be mbto /N? (d'g??